You know what I do is write for kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , more read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to seem like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothing , and nobody has ever chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know , an epiphany generally is something that fell somewhere .
You just have to turn on the block to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle began in the '60s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare of class .
When she slept to bleed every week in the boys ' bathroom , until a teacher saved me saved my life .
And she saved my life when I wanted to go into the toilet of the teacher 's room .
I did it secretly .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , at the middle of the night I got a phone call from that master 's phone , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned as adults we never get to know .
You could kill Ohio , and please bring that man to that man that I know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to take you with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and we take care of her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew to do .
And so as the woman who wanted me to meet me as an adult came to me , he became a box of ashes , and it was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had been closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about was made in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy today that I talked about today .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , and love and pleasure , and it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my job , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can see quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
And the <unk> around me was about 60 meters of water , and I could n't more than thinking it was a snowflake about another snowflake as a year after year .
<unk> are born when they fall from the glaciers , or they break down the ice walls .
Every iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give up and hold up to the end , while others ca n't stand it more , and they 'll be done in a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see an iceberg , which are isolated and alone , as much as we see ourselves sometimes as humans .
But reality is all the opposite .
As an iceberg melt , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As an iceberg melts releases fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I 'm close to photographing these <unk> as if it was the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that at these unique moments , there are just that way , and they wo n't get back to there .
It 's not the death when they melt ; it 's not a end , but a continuation of their way through the cycle of life .
Some of the <unk> ice I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's a couple thousand years old .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The latest photos I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to actually get to witness a treadmill iceberg .
Here they have .
You can see on the left one little boat .
It 's about five feet .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and your line of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing there .
This is a bowhead iceberg , the average size .
It 's about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so just like , the iceberg shows a different side of your personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two mates in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same moment , every one baby . Okay .
So , two partners every one with a baby .
I do n't want them to stop in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about the conception of self , they 're not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the Y chromosome joins the X of the egg .
And in the other case , the X-ray chromosome joins the X of the egg .
They both turn on and starts life .
We 're going to go back to talk about them later .
In my land , they turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm a historian of training and what I study in this case is the way people went through the anatomy -- -- that 's the human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered body fluids , the idea of the body , what they 've thought about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is an activist , as a patient patient or , as I say sometimes , impatient for people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've been working with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside one body .
I 've been working with people with <unk> ; people much lower than average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with un-typical sex , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit in male male and female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
It takes a lot of ways .
I 'm going to put you some examples in ways of having a sex that they do n't get into the male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual by <unk> XY , whose chromosome 's <unk> gene says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which becomes testes .
And then , in the fetal life , the testes make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So , there are high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops on a typically female course .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a little girl .
It 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing breast , but it does n't have the menstrual period , when someone realizes that something is going on .
After test tests , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testes and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you might think it 's a man , but it 's not really like that .
Women , like men , have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the hormone <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; I do n't know her <unk> structure ; I think being a typical woman , most women , like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We produce <unk> , and we respond to the <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testes , <unk> .
So sex is something complicated . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male ; he had girlfriend , and sex with her , he was wearing a life as a boy , and he had just found that she had ovaries and uterus .
It had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
It had the 20th century , and the uterus had been so active , in essence , created a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , their genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone component typically male .
He was born as a child , no one suspected of anything .
And it was at age 19 when he started to have medical problems caused by menstruation internal , when the doctors discovered that , in fact , it was female inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with a 20th century develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have <unk> tissue wrapped wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know well why that 's going on .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies will be dwarfed , <unk> twins , or <unk> , <unk> surgery , is not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they go into a variety of surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy has to give us a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black means having African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you get a body that shows something quite different , we have trouble with <unk> .
So that we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic mass .
Imagine the amazing thing that is to have children that are born as two people within one body .
The most high case is last year with <unk> South <unk> <unk> , and it was put in cloth with the <unk> <unk> in Berlin .
A lot of journalists called me to ask myself , `` What do you test to determine whether if you <unk> <unk> is a man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to those reporters that there is n't such a test .
In fact , we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a <unk> line between men and women or men and women and women and women , and we draw that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more the science advances , the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable mountains that were locked up directly with a stable stable categories of what we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we get into a rough terrain .
So , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact of the fact that they made from them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we thrive in science , we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to have a moment from which one body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> , what someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether somebody was dead .
As long as I got a pen in front of the nose , and if he moved on , they did n't know it .
If I stopped moving to it .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from one body and put them in another body .
And as a consequence , we need to deal with the dilemma of determining really someone 's death , and it puts us in a difficult situation that we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And maybe you think this explosion of categories could be happy to someone like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I claim to people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I got nervous .
We would argue that these categories are much more fragile than we thought .
It 's from the concept of view of the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the Founding Fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did , that I find each of you and seeing that <unk> <unk> `` 1776 , '' and not for the music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's what happened in 1776 with the Founding Fathers .
Parents were , for me , the first activists of anatomy and explain why .
What they did n't have been rejected was a concept of anatomic and <unk> with another one that was radical and beautiful , and stayed for 200 years .
And as you all remember , what our Founding Fathers were rejected was the idea of monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic notion of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they were clear the idea of the right of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that came to the political power for the <unk> of the father 's right , and then the child , and so on .
Parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They set out the field of play , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomy of anatomy . That was very radical .
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
democracy was created by democracy , and at the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the history of the Founding Fathers , that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> from supernatural explanations , and therefore rejected the concept of power power passed on a vague idea of the right to birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence and they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And so we were passing the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were just the foundations of the future Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the rows of Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color who are engaging with an anatomical coincidence about anatomical difference , and again , succeeded .
We see the same thing with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , that as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some divisions of anatomy in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
I do n't want to say that we should be <unk> in the anatomy .
I do n't want to say that the five-year-old would be allowed to have sex or get married .
There are some divisions of anatomy that for me make sense , and I think we should maintain .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep it , and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two things I 'm going to do at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Let 's imagine that one of them , Mary was born three months before : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in the term : March 1 , 1980 .
For the only fact that we 've been born three months before we were attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to the vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age , but because he was born afterwards .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
So Henry , by virtue of being considered man , though , I 'm not told if it 's <unk> , by virtue of being a man now is <unk> from the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for her part , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can get married in all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman in some states .
So , you still persist up categories that are in various ways 's edges and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science comes through so much in the field of the anatomy that we have to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up the science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like the science is leaving us .
Where do we go ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we need to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people left in a rare position .
For example , Texas has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have Y chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have a chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't test exams .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech `` I Have A `` I Have A '' solution .
It says that we should be judging people , `` Not in the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea looks pretty good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do people judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out , well , I 'm not sure that we should be able to deal with this to make rights to people , because I have to admit that I know some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know of .
I also want to say that maybe some of them would be able to make more informed decisions , smart and mature about their sexual relationships that people I know .
So how do you put the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could in the future be measured with an instrument , maybe with magnetic resonance .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States will still lead this experience of thinking relative to democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 'll do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless you 're willing to submit a sex change , in which case it allows you to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like a surgeon who talked about a couple of years ago that I had done to give birth to <unk> twins and then grow their fame .
But when the telephone was asked , he was a very <unk> operation , he responded to me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and so I had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , has considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers tremendous odds to people to be who are not allowed to change by the state of the state .
So I think we need to be in the head .
Well , to conclude , I mean I 've been talking a lot about the Fathers .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we had given more participation to Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that 's that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomy of anatomy , in particular if there are people thinking .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in looking at sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> , they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and take care of those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisors who knew I was interested in feminism , I was considered a feminist , as <unk> made me a strange thesis .
`` Tell me what 's about female . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the dumbest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with breaking up the stereotypes of gender , so there 's nothing female about feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about her question , the more I 've thought there 's something a female in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more <unk> to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So if the fathers were so attentive to find a way to protect people from the state , it 's possible that , to have funded more Mothers to this concept , maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we have democracy beyond anatomy , to think less about individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect union , we think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In the year 2007 , I decided we had to reconsider the economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go live and work , they have the possibility of choice between at least a handful of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , at this point , we 're far from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count with a single city willing to <unk> .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their cost of building .
So we could easily be able to <unk> the world tens , maybe hundreds , new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But just by just <unk> by apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of them who wanted to live in apartments already , and the other half is still not going to do it .
You could try to increase the ability to grow in all of the buildings that are existing .
But you know that the problem you 're going to say is that those buildings and the areas that are around them have the rules to avoid the discomfort and building building distractions .
So it would be very hard to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to a totally new place , build a completely new apartment building , always , and when the norms of that place would be building the construction instead of building them .
So I proposed that governments were developing new areas of large enough to hold cities , and I gave them a name : cities under charter cities .
Later I found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras ' challenge .
They knew that every year around 75,000 <unk> would come from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Britain 's summer by a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular election , <unk> <unk> became a platform in which promise , and the same reconciliation time .
He asked her to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk to TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a lot of tests with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under charter to its most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of rules , like those rules that say that you ca n't go and upset all of the current resident residents .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies like rules for progress , and they 're usually the rules that prevent us from going away .
In 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link to the TEDTalk .
He showed him to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's take this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a conference room of a hotel .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York . Notice , land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of my TEDTalk . ''
And the talk was describing in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it starts with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that are going down there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras got me , and told me we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way for our country to move forward .
He asked me to go back and talk about four and 5 from January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which I was trying to explain that to <unk> a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture in Denver , and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
This airport is only covered over 100 square miles .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you need to start with a site that would measure at least 1,000 square miles .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the audience were very serious and attentive .
And the leader of the conference came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for his talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have this in my computer here . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential thing , that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that might be able to be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it also would include new choices for leaders .
Because the government leaders of Honduras need help from countries associated , they could benefit from the countries associated with them to help them to make the rules of the charter , so that they could all be confident that the charter will actually be done .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is from there .
It could be easily about a thousand square miles .
And soon after , the 19th of January , voted in Congress to take out their Constitution , and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow these special <unk> regions .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , the vote in Congress to favor this constitutional amendment was to protest one .
All the parties , all the factions in the society , got it .
<unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
February 17 , it passed another time in another voting , of 114 to one .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to 24 , a delegation of 30 <unk> went to the two places in the world who are most interested in building cities in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new city center that is being built in South Korea ; it 's bigger than downtown Boston .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after that spent four years and getting permission .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this , practical , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come , and they would be able to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the court of the last place for this new judicial system .
There are urban planners and builders of cities that are very interested in the project .
You can even get some funding for funding .
But the only thing we know have already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to be changed immediately to another place .
There are a million to the year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to get a job , and sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn money for just eating or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes even children who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What seems to think about insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing for attracting new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is that , I live very obsessed with suits .
I love to find , dressed , and more recently , to photograph and publish in my blog suits in my bold , colorful , colorful suits for each time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All of my clothes is a second hand of <unk> markets and <unk> shops .
Oh , thank you .
<unk> stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and my wallet .
I 'm going to meet people <unk> -- usually my money goes to a good cause , and I think it 's unique , and buy becomes my personal quest of treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
It 's my stature ?
I would like color ?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
Now , going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what does it bring to someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
I stay inside for exactly a week is everything I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after you get here to Palm Springs .
And because they do n't know me as the woman who walks for TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets of data for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this quest to do n't use new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You can just see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the together , including the jacket , and it took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive I 've used in the week .
Monday : The color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be out of bad mood , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a long time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
You just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , they wo n't only understand you , you 'll also understand you .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you 're going into .
Sometimes people say to me that I play the <unk> , or I remember their little seven-year-old years .
I like to tell you , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you 're looking good at something , it 's almost safe to you .
And if you think you do n't look good with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years I really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your interior and outside , there 's no look you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We must be able to do everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : developing a very personal personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people came up with me this week , just for what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I left home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need to hurt these things , because at the end of the corner , there will always be another crazy and colorful suit , and bright <unk> , if there 's a little love in my heart and look at it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you 're going to take a scale to measure the fitness in each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be totally intuitive .
So , where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Some of them would take one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a big fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that it 's mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and logical .
I consider myself one of those people , like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need a lot of logic to address these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We have to play with them and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
As an intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only one place at the same time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were not born with this notion , the developed .
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar .
He was a little boy , and he did n't do it very well , it always fell .
But I bet playing with that bar of a parking lot I showed him a precious lesson , and that is that big things will not allow you to do it , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these little little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And so they wrote all these observations , and they called it theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , there was a few years ago ; you needed the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day .
That did n't fit myself very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But I did n't fit myself well to my logical part .
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't we all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a <unk> of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the piece of metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right in the center .
And then here we do a very good approach to the little metal metal .
What we 're looking at is a little bit of metal , a springboard , and that stands up leaning against a platform .
And then I did this almost in the same way that you could a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a form of swimming costume which is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum matrix , but it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people go up , I 'll leave you , because I do n't want to bother , or , actually frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> travel from inanimate objects are not only people , it 's also the light that shines and the wind that goes through their side and heat in the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
And then we 've got the lights up , then we introduced a vacuuming and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it down to a temperature of less than one degree for zero zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free of acting like it wants .
So we measured their movements .
We found that it was moving in very strange forms .
Instead of staying perfectly still , it was vibrating , and the way that you were going to be able to be a breath like a breath like a breath that expands and contracts .
And by giving it a soft push , we were able to make it <unk> and that it does n't go to the same time -- something that just happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing , and you do n't take it at the same time ?
Let 's think of atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just in certain points when those line line up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Seriously .
But it was a clean room in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one single atom and that little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal may be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part of it .
So imagine if you were in a number of places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it , and we turned the lights and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was there in a single piece .
And I was able to get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects in the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are just doing a little space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics , it claims everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not true .
It 's more profound than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define you who you are . And that 's the profound queerness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago I was doing another job on Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss , and he allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 museums very interesting museums .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There are a lot of stories of why we did it .
I think my own story is just explaining just in this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
I had a great education , but I did n't have access to a lot of these museums and art works .
So when I started traveling and go into museums , I began to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I 'm trying to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
So I 'd better show you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from its launch .
So just simply , we 're going to be <unk> .
Look around all the museums there are .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , which Van Gogh .
I 'm going to go into one of my favorites , to the <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways to do that -- very simple .
We click it up , and it 's <unk> , we 're inside of the museum .
It does n't matter where you are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and you have fun .
Would you want to navigate by the museum ?
We opened the plane up , and , with one click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , that you want to go at the end of the hallway .
Go forward . Get out !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign of it .
If the museum shows you the image , you click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata data .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click right here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 billion pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 billion pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you really get with 10,000 billion pixels .
You can zoom in around very simple .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really would want to go deeper .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this looks interesting . ''
I walked in and discovered that kids were actually playing something .
And I had a little bit , I talked a few people from the <unk> , and actually I discovered this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is to hit a <unk> with one suit on the weekend .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get to get even more deep , and you 'll see that you can actually reach the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull the image out , so you really will see what there is .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best for coming , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see what Van Gogh , did this masterpiece ?
It goes up and actually do it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts of this painting , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` the night <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , all of you , no matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that 's the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go into it -- I 've created this function that I call `` The zooming in , '' we just zoom in there .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' in the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel at looking at these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think that for me , the main thing is that all incredible things do n't really come from Google .
No , in my opinion , they even come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice to its artwork , and that is represented appropriately online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` Are you doing this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon .
I have something to show you .
Think about it 's a flying pixel .
We call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the children in Italy grew up with this picture in the wall of their bedroom , but the reason I 'm showing you this is that has been something that has happened in the last two decades in the last two decades .
Some time ago , if you wanted to win a race of Formula 1 , I would take a budget and you put it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you 've won the race .
So this is what , in engineering , to become real , real-time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
Today , what 's interesting is that control systems are actually beginning to enter our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered and electronics .
They 're turning computers into the open air .
And , like that , they 're starting to respond in a different way , and they can be screened and <unk> .
<unk> cities is something big .
As one note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet 's cortex , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be something big .
Beyond cities , all these detections , and it 's actually going into our everyday objects .
This is an exhibit of Paola <unk> at MoMA 's late year at MoMA in the summer .
It 's called `` To me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start telling us .
In a way , it 's like almost all of the atoms that are existing , and actuators , and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that we have with the outside environment .
In a sense it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo ...
You know , when Michelangelo was , you know , when Michelangelo says he took the hammer , and he threw it into Moses -- -- you know , you can still see a little bit of a <unk> , and he said , `` <unk> , <unk> , <unk> ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; I insist on the idea of capturing the environment and push something out .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer hopefully 2006 .
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup .
Some of you may remember it , they played Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , at the end , I won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day looking at the activity behind the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the river River .
It 's the morning before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
On the afternoon , there are people here and there 's call , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> in France . <unk> in Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and go to the toilet .
Second time . End of time .
The first time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She makes Italy , yes .
That night they all went to the center of the center .
You see the great peak .
The next day they all went into the center of the winner and the prime minister of the winner .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman times , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just one example of how you can measure the city 's pulse of the city , so we could n't have a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and consume .
Today , we know everything about the direction of our objects .
This is a map that shows all of the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small labels to track the trash on their system .
We started with some volunteers who helped us in Seattle just over a year ago , to tag what they were throwing , different kinds of things , as you can see , things that we 're going to see .
And then we put a little chip , a little sticker , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results from that .
So from Seattle ...
after a week .
With this information we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist .
There are complicated things happening , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transport .
But the other thing that we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that we launched does n't go away , which is still somewhere on the planet .
And if the plastic bottle we dropped a day still is still there .
And if we show people that , then we can promote some change in behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague from MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection , and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of town , who came and said that Spain and Southern Europe have a beautiful tradition of use of the water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , to join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was , imagine that you have a pops and valves , valves , valves , <unk> that open and closing .
It creates like a curtain curtain , with the pixels of water .
If you go out the pixels you can write in them , show patterns , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can go through , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the mayor of <unk> .
He liked a lot .
And we had a commission to design the building at the entrance to the tropics .
We call it the Digital water .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no windows or windows , but when you zoom in , it opens up so that you can go .
The ceiling is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you go down the roof .
Or you can close the building , and the whole architecture disappears , like this .
Those days there will always be someone , in the winter , when the roof go down , someone who was there and he said , `` Let 's get the building . ''
No , they 're not demolished , but when it comes down almost all the architecture away .
Here it is working .
You see people who are going on in .
And here I 'm myself trying not to get wet , when you test the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was really even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way of interacting had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open to leave you , but a building that was still making cuts and holes , and you had to jump to get wet .
( <unk> noises ) And for us , that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about the use that people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that is the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and the projections of them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start flying .
Imagine that you could have small helicopters in the air , and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , moving with others in synchrony .
We could form this cloud .
Sort of a flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , what it changes is light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind of thing .
Imagine the screen appear on different scales and sizes , different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that could be a bit of the pixels on 3D that you can zoom in and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down to form an V , like before .
When the light goes on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with one input that comes from people , and so on and so on .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers of today , the <unk> star in New York and La Scala of <unk> to capture their movements in 3D and use it as entrance to the <unk> .
Here we can see dancing dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , the capture in different resolutions .
It 's so much to digitize in real time as a movement capture .
It can take all the movement .
You can go around the road .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as an entrance to the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something and change our environment , like a <unk> nursery as the <unk> farm as the calf , but with a cloud .
So imagine that we could get all of them a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that 's happened in the last couple of years is that , in the last two decades , we went from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign <unk> us , we can move from the digital world , the self-organizing power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow may be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how do you move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are missing .
It 's a physical structure in London , but it 's covered on pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve for sharing the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a way of connection to the community .
So it 's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can get up , like a new top of London .
You can get into there .
As if it was a new digital headlight at night , but most importantly , it 's going to be a new experience for anyone who 's going to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a few changes in your genes , you could improve the memory -- for more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you might like to be in better shape , to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and good insurance ?
How about living with good health ?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative .
What would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
Very few . Probably the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many of you would choose the memory ?
A few more .
What about the physical state ?
A little bit less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very good as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or might be possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> issue here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor 's eyes about it .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , who also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote a trial called `` Nothing in biology makes sense of evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution , consider this : Is this about the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , is , of course , that we 're most interested in .
It 's a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
In the interval , there has been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone back and back .
We 've been here about 40 years .
It might seem like we 're far away from other parts of this tree , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable from the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you know that we all take in the other intestine of the bacteria that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , do you think -- when Antonio Damasio are asked by the <unk> -- think of bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want no effort in their part .
It 's really like a quick pathway to bacteria with occasional interruption of some rush rush towards the output .
But by the way , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant it meant to become something different , perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass -- the animal kingdom , as one one and only <unk> -- and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you enjoyed it .
When I first went to college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : in most of the existence of life , in the single-celled organisms , every cell is simply dividing and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things begin to change .
It enters the sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of death in the body comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student thought , well , <unk> , <unk> death , death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year I was going on , every time I had more doubts .
I got to understand George Burns 's feelings , who was still performing in Las Vegas in their 90s .
And one night somebody hits his hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , you find a wonderful <unk> dancer from clothes .
He looks at it , and he says , `` I came in search of `` sex soup . ''
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , that I was working on a different goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
It wanted us to healthier us healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted them to live more and healthier .
Evolution is going to happen to the next generation -- adapting and generation after generation .
From an evolutionary standpoint , you and I are like <unk> rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next level of the orbital level , and then let us drop into the sea .
I think we all understand the feeling that expressed Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to achieve not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily favors longevity .
It does n't necessarily favors the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest one .
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the bacteria <unk> that they can survive in the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , so they eat chemical fish into the vacuum , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what this means , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't get it .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the reasoning of underlying medicine would be that through medicine , in the first place , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise be discarded and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've made our environment so that fit us as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , we 're going to empower , and we 're going to become so much that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution .
A second possibility is that there is an evolution of the traditional kind , natural , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be , that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And as much as the isolation : when as a species , distant planets are going to be the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there is a third possibility , a sexy , intriguing , terrifying possibility .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but yaw and selected for us as individuals in the choices we 'll make .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we be doing this ?
We first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing more males than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what 's chosen at the individual and family level .
Think also that if you could just be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring , but in its own body to make the genetic modifications to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to remove the diabetes or Alzheimer 's or reduce cancer or reduce the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 , and he took 13 years .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year , we could have done the same job for 20 million dollars in three four months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs at the human genome at a cost near 20,000 and a week .
We 're not going to be a lot to be able to make the human genome for 1,000 and more and more every single time .
You get those changes .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us , but they 're going to induce other viruses .
Believe it or there 's not an experimental trial in the course of the flu vaccine that 's on cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good that it comes out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine then only other little changes .
You can change the cells from their bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or would they change the <unk> egg , and give their kids a better chance for a healthier life , eliminating the diabetes , eliminating the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want children 's healthier ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of the science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could <unk> with the next generation of computer machine ?
Why not have a <unk> muscle that allowed us to run faster and faster ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to make the evolution of before in the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that typically takes 100,000 years , and we can compress it at 1,000 years , and maybe it 's happening within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or grandchildren of their grandchildren , they 're going to have to go to them .
Are we going to use these options in order for a better , more successful society ?
Or , we 're going to choose to selectively choose different attributes that we want to some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more physically or more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to face .
And the deepest thing of all : are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom you need to make these decisions ?
For good or wrong , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a great explosion when you 're at 900 feet high .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds frightening .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one that I could talk about flying flight .
So I immediately looked at her , and they said , `` No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already taken off the plane , and we were not so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
Let 's take the engines .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three more <unk> words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
And I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before you die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought all the people I wanted to get , and I did n't know , all the fences I wanted to fix , all the experiences I 've ever wanted and never had .
While I was thinking about that later , I came up with a sentence , which is , `` collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to do anything in life anymore .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as you go through the George Washington bridge , which was not a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a lot of though .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and my mistakes , I 've been trying to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also give place to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted on things that did n't matter with people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship to my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as I did that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have not had a fight with my wife .
It feels about wonders .
I do n't try to have reason ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to be <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water moving .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break down 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And as I came out , I had the feeling of , wow , dying is not scary .
It 's almost like we 've been doing it for that all our lives .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is going into a single thought , which is , I just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my children grow .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- the first grade , not very much of the artistic talent -- still , and I scream , I cry , like a little .
And for me , that was the whole reason to be the world .
At that point , I understood those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father .
And especially the only goal I have in life is to be a good father .
I was a miracle of a miracle , not to die that day .
And it was giving me another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and come back and live in another form .
You 're flying today , you challenge you to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please not -- but imagine , and how do you change ?
What do you do , you 're still expecting to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How do you change your relationships and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most great thing I worked on was this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the 1980s .
One day he came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I feel lousy on my legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today <unk> has total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
Their work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so obviously , graffiti is something we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to fund Tony , <unk> , and his cause .
So I went and I met with her brother and father and said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , do n't you see Stephen <unk> , is n't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're somebody important and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable to people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate ? ''
Anybody see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're getting inserted with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I came up with my just desire to deliver a check , and instead , I signed a check that I did n't have the least idea of how I was going to cover .
I committed to his brother and his father in that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make it back again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who have so much inside their inside ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a couple of months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , they draw on it and register the negative space .
So they go around doing art installations like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a cycle of life .
First of all start with sexual organs , then with the bad words , after the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year after a year after a lot of organization and so much of it , and so much of the things that we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the doors of insurance companies , and we got a machine so that we could communicate , and a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And , seriously , is the most fun ; I call it <unk> because when I talked to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world of every single corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , children and I , moved to the garage back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took over the house .
Many of our friends thought that we did something totally stupid , and that when <unk> would have taken out the walls of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went through the shipping of Venice , my son was part of my son , and then we created this .
It 's called <unk> and you can see the description .
These are a pair of cheap <unk> glasses that we bought at the shipping of Venice Beach , some of the copper bike and things from Home <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we cut it open , we set it up on an LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- -- and it builds yourself , we published the code by adding the software is low freely .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says no .
There are no hospital I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thanks very much to you . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the room of another person , and that 's her room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , two intense sessions in all night , Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture , because this is the support system of his life , and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so he could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the hospital parking lot .
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to break into the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti too .
At the end of this , he sent us an email and this was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came to me and get me out of me so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that is our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us in movement , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a cool device , but it 's the equivalent of a display .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then , we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won many awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010 , and it was really great .
Now , the best thing about this -- and this is what ends of closing the <unk> is that in April this year in the MOCA site in downtown Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of the urban <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive .
So , basically , this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
Nothing that 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> nothing was possible at a certain time .
Do it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I 've never done anything with eye recognition technology ; I just recognized something , and I 'm going to show up with wonderful people in order to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we can find with something that we feel like you have to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if it 's not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in which they 're usually very difficult and at the same time as dangerous as dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
It 's in front of war zones -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days , eating just this -- fun at first , something hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a large part of my career I 've been interested in situations in looking at horrible things with the only goal of dealing with social issues in ways that feel attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyze them in a way that look fun and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I was coming here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and the sponsorship wanted to do something slightly different .
So some of you may have heard , or not , a couple of weeks ago I got a <unk> warning .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I volunteered for the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What I 'd like to do is , `` You know , you know , you know , you know , this is a <unk> show : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and content could be embedded in the face , especially if I put it in ridicule of you or your company to do it .
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a title of progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> , I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I could n't tell you for sure .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we looked at the world of marketing , in advertising .
And as I said before , I 've been in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be done , nothing could be done , for something that hard or so dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that I tried to do about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that all of the film was funded by <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call it `` The largest ever sold . ''
What 's going on in `` The largest ever sold '' is that all of the up at the bottom , in the beginning , has images , all the time , from the <unk> that appears before the title , brand X .
Now this brand , <unk> <unk> , the <unk> Center .
These people are going to be filmed by the film in perpetuity .
And so the film explores this whole idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . ) That 's what ? ( MK : It 's redundant . )
I 'm a schizophrenia . ( MK : I just say it ) It was more of the emphasis .
It was `` honestly . forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the X-ray of the X-ray in the title , but we 're going to make sure you 're going to make sure all the categories that we can in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe that you used to use ...
The most cool car you 've led to `` The largest ever sold , '' the best drink you 'd been drinking , `` The largest '' movie ever sold .
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then to show you the brands as a part of the life , to make them play the film ? ( MS : How do we take the film out . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the whole film is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , in beginning to end .
And I would love to help them make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive it 's going to be people .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to make an elephant ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does it take to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( DC : Okay . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard to meet them , but it certainly is going to be worth to convince a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out , we 'll see ourselves as a bunch of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But will it be hard to sell , by the film or to be me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : It means you 're not very optimistic .
So , do they help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about which brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge .
MK : We have some places where to go . ( MS : Okay . ) Let 's take the camera .
MS : I thought , `` off the camera , '' meant we have a conversation outside .
The camera is , `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so it was , one for one , all of the sudden disappeared .
None wanted to have nothing to do with this film .
I was amazed .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought that the concept of advertising was to present the product to as many people as possible , to make so many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media , and the scenario of the separate media , is not the idea to tell with that new vehicle that 's worth going to bring the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> error and that error was this .
Actually no , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been good .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you 're looking for pictures of <unk> , you see , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like you to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen it -- easily understandable , which is actually characterized by the visibility or accessibility access , especially in business practices -- being the last line , perhaps the biggest line .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians , the name , the president , even the CEOs name it .
But all of a sudden when it comes to making something change suddenly .
But why ? Well , transparency day -- like that weird bear that still is still alive .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
I took a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and telling them we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want you to tell <unk> .
We want you to tell a story , but you tell <unk> . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in a lie -- and there he is looking at me as he used to say , `` Son , there 's three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and there 's the real story . ''
You see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> of many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own , I would have to take a proxy and go to companies myself with all my team .
So what I began to figure out all of a sudden -- what started to me is that when you start talking with companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , big , giant films , giant and others that make small , independent films , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant , they say the reason why their films have so successful is because of the associated brands .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The largest ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically enforcement in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant explores .
Any time for an interview with somebody can say , `` Are you good good for this interview ? ''
Are you ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you you 're going to help you .
Maybe you should put you a little bit before the interview . ''
And it would offer one of these great <unk> .
And so much `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` Paradise is going to be their opportunity . ''
We 're going to have so much to man as a woman for a woman ; solid , to <unk> , in bar .
That 's the general look .
Now , I can answer your questions and give you a look at it .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of little movies that you actually had , we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that you have other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you
MS : What are you going to use to describe whenever we ?
Custer is in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : Technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put into the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus combat smell and sweat .
It keeps you cool .
How do we keep ourselves cool ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
It 's things like those who highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man in the street , the people like me , to the ordinary <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : My brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive 80 , punk <unk> ' unless it 's a laundry .
MS : All right , what is your <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : Number one ) ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like the dark colors , lots of gray colors and things like that .
Usually I 'm wearing accessories like sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the same .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it might be a classic <unk> . ' I 'll Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I would call it `` casual <unk> . ''
Woman 2 : In part of the hippie , in part <unk> , in part <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
Ask toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because deliver the commodities .
Man 5 : Nation , failed <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be brand Tom , but I often got myself on the intersection of dark <unk> ' and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed someone to walk in my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` brand personality . ''
And I found a company named Olson <unk> named Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Burma to discover that brand personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come out and start in a place , and in my case , they start and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What is the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts and feelings and your way of being ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like the weird things .
`` Why . ''
What 's the machete ? What a <unk> phase are you now ?
Why is it important to restart ? What 's the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
Some more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to be afraid . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : Whoa ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of madness in all of this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but there are two different sides , but the brand Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They 're getting very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies are only stuck in one of their strengths or the other rather than focus on both .
A lot of companies tend to be -- and it 's the wild nature to avoid the things that they 're not secure ; they 're going to avoid fear , those elements , and you 're actually covering them and make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can see it also here to Target , Wii , Mini , Mini and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and brands , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What is your brand ?
If someone asks you to give you your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more like a downward attribute ?
slightly thinner , reserved , conservative ?
<unk> attributes are how to be playful to be cool as the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold or audacious as <unk> , fast or agile , profane , dominant or mystic like <unk> .
Or are you more of descending attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
You 're actually established , traditional , provider , protective , and `` Oprah '' ?
You 're reliable , stable , familiar , reliable , contemplative , contemplative , contemplative Lama , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 companies , top-down and descending , which said no , they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the end product .
We were allowed to tell the story of the <unk> , and we came to tell the story in this film of how now they use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for marketing centers , like cinema .
We went to San Paulo where they 've banned advertising in the open .
In the entire city for the last five years , there 's no fences , there 's no posters , nothing .
And we went to school districts that companies are going on in schools with liquidity problems in America .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I 've had the greatest response or the ones I 've been most successful is the ones I 've interacted with with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> the <unk> , they took off their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to treat directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think , that 's going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how has it gone ? They succeeded ?
Well , since the movie was sent out in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to the film , the film was coming out in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million media impressions for this film .
This covers just a period of two weeks and a half .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still not going on .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It has n't even been presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not wrong because almost all the agencies we talk about with their customers will not be part of it .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you take people out of that , they 're pushing them to failure .
I believe that when you train their employees at risk averse to your company to be preparing your company to be reward .
I feel like what 's going to happen to go forward is that we need to encourage people to take risk .
We need to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunities that they can do .
Ultimately , I think we need to give it to fear .
We need to put that bear in a cage .
Let 's fear the fear . <unk> the risk .
From one <unk> at the time , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we need to house transparency .
Today , it 's never a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And said this , with honesty and transparency , all of my talk , `` <unk> the Transparency '' has been introduced by my good friends of <unk> who per capita bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : We have big data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , that happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's a fantastic question .
In my pocket , I have a check for the name of the TED organization , the Sapling Foundation , a check for name for being applied to my assistance for TED next year .
The idea behind the worm is Stuxnet really very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant .
The gray boxes you see are control systems in real time .
If we managed to engage with these systems that control speeds and valves , we can have a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put a cash virus from Windows in a portable computer , by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
<unk> go into the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is slow ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started investigating about Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex in the part of Windows : the <unk> used multiple <unk> <unk> .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
And that struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what was going on with this .
So they went very strange things .
Stuxnet actually behave like a lab rat to which he did n't like our cheese : it wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experiencing with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a driven attack . ''
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively searching in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working in that place .
If not , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the target is . ''
It might be , say , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
So , better than the target soon .
And so we pulled out the code of attack , and we found that it was structured by two digital bombs : a small , big one .
We also found that they were very professionally armed with people who obviously had all the internal information .
It 's all the points to attack .
You probably even know how much matches the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard the question of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the load is very complex .
It 's pretty much above everything we 've ever seen before .
Here you see a show of this code .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much old language .
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code .
What we were looking at at first were calls into the system functions , because we know what they do .
We then looked at <unk> and data structures , and we tried to engage them with the real world , with real world goals .
We need theories about recipients that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it is definitely a violent white one , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most of the infections has been <unk> .
You do n't find several thousands of targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant plant , and the <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's put a list of all the experts in <unk> and power plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I asked them in an effort to make their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
So a rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object that you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor rotor , they certainly can be <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in a obvious effort to go back to the maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
We tried to decipher the big digital <unk> looking very closely at data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> runs out in that code , you ca n't get it out .
I started looking at scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> , and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and each cascade contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts of called stages .
And guess what about the attack code ?
It 's almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gives you a lot of confidence in understanding what we had in our hands .
For no misunderstanding .
The results have been taken away after several weeks of hard work .
So , normally <unk> in dead ends , and we had to go back .
And yet , we found that both digital warheads , and they were on one single goal , but from different angles .
The little <unk> is taking a waterfall , and he turns out the roadable and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
So in sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other goals are going to be lit by Stuxnet .
Here I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There 's the gray box , and the top you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of the sensors for example , of pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false input .
And believe it or not , this false entry data is just taken by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during the theft , the safety chamber of <unk> <unk> .
Is it so cool ?
The point here is obviously not only <unk> the operators in the fourth control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the high steam turbine , you have to open valves out of a millisecond .
Obviously , this can not make a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when you 're engaged , then you can go through bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And you do n't get them or the security system you 'll notice .
That scares .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could also work as well , for example , in a car plant , or in an automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as attacker , to disseminate this burden with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology of worms to <unk> .
It 's possible as possible .
And if you made that , with what you 're doing is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to deal with the consequences , and better than we 're going to do .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been public in many sides that people assume that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The motor behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because in another way , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take , and you can give <unk> skills , or another one that 's going to make users of the wheels put up and go back and walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's not any other than something you put in the morning , it gives you a great force , which also increases your speed , and help you , for example , to drive the balance .
It 's actually the real integration of the man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connected it with the universe and with other foreign items .
This is not an unreal idea .
To show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier that , on average , has to take on their back , a <unk> load of <unk> , and they 're going to get them even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries on your back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage .
We decided to consider this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or ...
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> , I can carry 90 pounds of variables by variables for several hours .
Its flexible design , it allows you to get a lot of fun to crawl and running movements with great agility .
You know what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the users of the wheelchair users , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people around , in the wheelchairs , all over the world .
Like one percent of the population .
And this is a really conservative calculus .
We talked about something that happens very young , people very young people , damage to the column that they start with -- to the 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population that you 're older rapidly .
Its only choice , many times -- a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been over the last 500 years , from his successful emergence , as I must recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who 19 years ago had a spinal cord injury , and as a result , he could n't walk back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , he mentioned .
It 's got about sensors .
Not completely invasive on crutches who are sending signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There are also some batteries that give power to the engines on the hip , and on the knees , and they make it move into this very nice , very natural gait .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a strange leap in the air , skiing in the air , was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost everything and all the movement of the pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor went into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole the last little ounce of hope of my self .
<unk> technology since then , it 's allowed me to learn to <unk> in <unk> , climbing rocks , and even riding a bicycle bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit down and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change generations -- not only about soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of the wheelchair , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I 've just returned from a community that has the secret to human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the festival of <unk> Man or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet your cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos in the rainforests of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've done too focused on this thing in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying guys , the Bonobo society is in charge of power in power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence has not been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- an land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of <unk> itself -- the stage of a violent conflict that has been sustained by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction is also going to put in danger for the survival of the Bonobo .
The trade for hunting meat and deforestation will make you ca n't fill in or stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear laughter hidden from the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them like apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to drive conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the <unk> <unk> .
To the bonobos , like humans , they love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us and for them , the game is fundamental to establish ties and encourage tolerance .
With him , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo Bonobo sees the evolutionary roots themselves , the dance and the human ritual .
The glue is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play you , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> ball game , and I do n't talk about soccer .
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a chase .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase , `` It 's <unk> . ''
I just think that in this case , he loves it , right ?
Yes .
So sexual play is common in bonobos as in humans .
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into the game -- like the <unk> and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time is more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can adopt a lot of ways , some of which are even more widely , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the space will be done .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with <unk> water .
I think , like her , sometimes we play alone , and we explore the boundaries of our inner and outside worlds .
And it 's the playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just small samples of the understanding that the Bonobo gave us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret to our future , a future where we need to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> adaptation .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But let 's take the most of our play capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks at the least appropriate , you can be the moments that is most urgent .
And so , fellow primates , we accept this gift of evolution and play together while I define creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain on a fire of volunteers .
And in our city , where the volunteers are devoted to a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to enter into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high chance of going .
But there was still a career on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our homework was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through the worst days of his life .
We were in the full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in my pajamas , and as his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I just got before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> came to the captain , and he asked her to go inside and save the dog 's dog 's dog .
The dog ! I was still jealous ! ''
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , for the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people who came into a burning building to save a live living because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need you to go home .
I need to go up , I 'm going to write the fire , and I bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went down the stairs , at the end of the hall , went to the <unk> department , ' that at the end of that altitude , they were finished off the fire , and I went into the main room looking for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my way back along the staircase where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog on the door .
We take out of the house I treasures in the house where , as I was waiting , it was a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department got a letter from the house owner by the courageous effort to save his house .
The kindness that she looked at on the other was somebody had ever had a pair of shoes .
And so much in my calling in Robin Hood , as in my calling as a volunteer firefighter , I 'm witness to acts of acts of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale , but it 's also acts of grace and courage .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they are in the world , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you of this : not wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make the difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give you , you 're going to take you now .
You add food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's life .
So you go to the game , you 'll get the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first particular blocks of concrete , which is carried in 1868 with a very simple idea : cement modules from a fixed measure that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at a time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , in 1947 , earlier this was occurred .
He was called the autopilot brick .
And in a few years , the brick bricks came to all the homes .
It 's been estimated that have been made over 400 billion or 75 billion bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO made it accessible .
Letters just adopted the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static bricks , piled on each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor enables you to create much bigger and more complex circuits , one brick at once .
But there 's one main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I do n't personally accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they unite together .
So they ca n't put it wrong .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the current , the rose is the entrance , and the orange is the wire .
So only you have to assemble a blue with a blue one , and very quickly you can start to make bigger circuits .
A blue one with a blue produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have a regulator regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse rate , which is here , and now we have a light on light .
So , we 've got this doorbell to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and decor , we 're going to allow us to program some very simple intuitive gestures .
To make it faster or slower , you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind us is it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to go to bricks and ready to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors ; everything must be accessible .
We 've been able to give kids to play with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light at night , or why the door of an elevator stays open , or how an iPod responds by touch .
We 've also led to <unk> design schools .
So for example , designers without any electronics start to play with <unk> like a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles , and felt , we have <unk> , creating ...
( Rain noise ) A few weeks ago we took the designers at the Rhode Island School of Design , who have no experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper , and we said , give something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a <unk> cannon , <unk> cannon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
This is a lobster that 's made of the fear of darkness .
For these not engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to reach us all .
And so it 's got open source .
You can visit the website , you can download all the design files , you can download it .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators because this world that we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar industry .
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment in mind .
<unk> collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmmm . Wait a moment .
You might take a little bit in charge .
We can -- we can continue to better leave the video on one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Technology is ...
Oh , I 'm like , `` I 'm going to run out of time ? ''
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched a initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they 're supposed to do , and we asked them to work on government .
The initiative was called `` <unk> for America '' and they would be like <unk> of Peace .
And I 'd run a few members every year and put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we are sent to the wild world .
They made big applications ; they worked with the municipal employees .
Their task is to show the chances of current technology .
I meet Al .
This is a fire hydrant from the city of Boston .
Here 's what if you 're going to look for a quote , but what you 're really looking for is that somebody got to wash it when it 's caught up for the snow , because it knows that it 's not very good by <unk> fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to ask for this very unique way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> members for America .
They were there in February , and at that time it turned around last year .
They realized that the city never wiped these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that the citizens who are <unk> with shovels sidewalks right in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can take a fire hydrant .
You accept to clean up when you get it .
When you do it , you put a name in this case , in this case he put it in .
If you do n't , someone can be <unk> .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 applications happening last year .
But it does something that no other technology of the government does .
And it spreads viral .
A lot of systems responsible for the city of Honolulu to see this app realized that I could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to take the <unk> of tsunami .
It 's very important that they work these <unk> of tsunami , but people steal the batteries .
That 's why they ask the citizens to control .
And then Seattle decided to use it to be able to get citizens called blindfolded .
And Chicago is just throwing out out there to get people off to clean sidewalks down to clean sidewalks .
So now we know about nine cities that plan using it .
And this has been spreading without friction , organic and natural way .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know that it does n't usually happen .
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool that parents could choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that the normal channels would have taken at least two years and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the judicial power of California that far over 2000 million dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this at every level of government .
And so an app that shows in a couple of days and it spreads viral is a kind of warning for the government institution .
It suggests the best ways of working , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , without constraints , in form and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way we tackle the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a collective institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's very good because it turns out that we 're very good at the collective action with digital technology .
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with efficacy .
And it 's not just <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people across the country that contribute to civic applications in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a lot of frustration with that , but they do n't complain , they fix .
And these people know something we 've lost of view .
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that they 're crazy with , the government is , essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together , because we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned government .
If you are one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does not change ; the government does .
And because the government ultimately grows from us -- they remember that , `` We , the people , '' the way of thinking about it will affect how to make change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially about <unk> .
This is the telephone care center and information .
It 's the place that calls the calls if you do tell you in the United States .
Scott <unk> this call .
He joined `` <unk> '' in the official knowledge base .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , can you open the doors of the house , put it good and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . And so by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
I did n't get that app .
It was the work of very intelligent people from the Office of New York Boston State .
One day , this really happened , comes this to be this question : `` <unk> in my garbage bucket . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to remove them ? ''
The dynamics of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking about a person .
In <unk> <unk> , it 's all public , so everyone can see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report was , `` I went to the place , found the bucket of trash behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . I lived ? Yes .
I went home . I went home .
Good evening , sweet . ''
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income to the distributed collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition technology of platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to join and help others .
So , one citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
attached to the two people .
And it might be connected to government services that we need , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When one neighbor helps another , <unk> communities .
If we call animal control , it costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about government is that it 's not the same thing as politics .
Many people understand it , but think that one is the entrance to the other .
That our input to the government system is the vote .
How many times have I chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then hopefully the government reflects our values and <unk> our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches .
Below is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt of what 's keeping that that belongs to us that we 've funded as something that is operating in our own , that other thing , and we 're losing the power .
People believe politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we 'll have to make the bureaucracy that is sexy .
Because this is where the real government work happens .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens ' concerned that have written a very detailed report about 325 pages in response to the answer to the <unk> for the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for the ones that we 've been dealing with government , it 's time for us to ask , what we want to leave our children .
You have to see the massive challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really believe that we 're going to get where we need to go without the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't do without government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government , the function of government that can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act , you only have to articulate systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years , so therefore , I 'm a older generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word , and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk about ; everyone will talk .
They can express your opinions at any same time , and they can .
So when you face the government problem , they do n't care too much to hear their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They put hands into the work to program applications that make better government better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a fire hydrant , taking out weeds and dumping a bucket of junk that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people doing it .
But these applications are like a digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we are not only consumers of government we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we 're citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't have citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we need to do together , all of us together , will be a crowd of voices , or also we will be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there are a lot of despair .
And I 'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing this input has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has an identity .
And the things that are told here is impact around the world .
Occasionally , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you teach them with feeling , you can have special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , can get a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't actually learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family in dominated by a matriarch , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it was power .
It was the last word in any discussion in the family .
She initiated many of the <unk> in our home .
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in the slavery in Virginia .
She was born over the 1880s , and his experience with slavery was the way as he saw the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was little and looked at it , she was approaching me and gave me a good hug .
I got so hard I could barely breathe , and then I dropped off .
One or two hours later , I would come back to her , I was coming back and said , `` <unk> , you still feel my embrace ? ''
And if I was saying that I do n't , he grabs me again , and if I was saying yes , I was left in peace .
I had this human quality that I would always wish to get close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of the 10 .
Occasionally , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to capture their time and their attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight , nine years old , I woke up in the room , and I went to the room , and there were all my cousins running .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and she looked at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
So he looked at her and he smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 20 minutes , she got up , I got up , went through the room , and he took me out of my hand , and he said , `` Come on <unk> . We 're going to talk two to a conversation . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me outside , and he said , `` You know , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to get rid of three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to <unk> them , you know , <unk> . ''
Like I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want to do is that you will always do the right thing , even though the right thing is hard . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , Mama . I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to do is have never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in rural South , I have a brother and a sister a year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a <unk> package , I do n't know where he pulled me up , grabbed me to my sister and me and we went for the forest .
We just got up to the madness of forever .
He took a sip of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little and was offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You follow beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on .
I already took something , your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me at her .
And he said , `` What happens ? It takes a beer . ''
And he saw me her gaze , and he went , `` Oh , you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this is spread widely .
But I have 52 years , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this thinking that it 's a virtue ; I 'm saying it by the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others that really do n't make sense of it .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't believe we can do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been imprisoned during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to engage them .
Now , try and talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different today than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In the U.S. , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in parole .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has changed our world .
In poor communities or black communities , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , so for these facts .
One in three black black people between 18 and 30 years is in jail or in probation .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young people in prison or parole .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that is much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth is what affects the results .
And it seems like we feel very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems .
We 're disconnected .
I think it 's interesting .
We 're looking at our work some good developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you know , if you have a criminal prison .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male has lost the right to the vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the level of losing rights to be as high as it was before the law of the law to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent children .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where it 's sentence for 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country prison for children , no possibility of coming out .
We 're right now in a process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I represent people in death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
Now , in a sense , have you been asked to think that the ultimate question is , people deserve to die for the <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way of how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes for crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty death in America is defined by error .
In every nine people in nine , they 've identified one which is innocent , who is <unk> and liberated from death row .
A rate of error , amazing , an innocent one in nine .
This is interesting .
<unk> would never be able to fly airplanes , if every nine to take off , you would have to fly out .
But somehow we get off the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I talk to you about terrorism , the time that began at the end of the rebuilding , and that lasted to the Second World War .
We really do n't know much about this .
But for American Americans in this country , it was also defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried to be bombarded .
The terror threat was what they defined their lives .
Now there are people who come up with me , and they say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teach talks , narratives , <unk> people to stop saying that in our history , we deal with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of separation and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our history .
And this is why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've historically done .
All time we collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflicts .
It costs us to talk about race . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a real and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome the segregated race without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving lectures on death penalty .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood up after my presentation and said , `` You know , you know , you know , you 're really worrying about what you say . ''
<unk> : We do n't have death penalty in Germany .
We can never have it here . ''
The room fell silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way that we have with our history , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we were <unk> to execute people .
Let 's think about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would execute people , especially if they were in their most Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If you do n't really care about these difficult issues , the positive things and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . <unk> creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both things .
We talk lately about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more engagement with the basic challenges of life in this complex world .
I think that 's going to happen more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
If you think about them , it 's kind of , in a way , something that 's inside of us .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
That 's how we are , despite being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
The development of creativity , development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from exhaustion also by the convictions of heart .
This connection of mind with the heart is what propels us to look at the bright and dazzling , but also in the dark and how difficult .
The <unk> <unk> , the great Czech leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering from oppression , we looked at all sorts of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , guidance for spirit , a will to be everywhere of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much at the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , has to be involved .
There are no related disconnect to technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are making a much more challenging identity than if we 're ignoring these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , as a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women would just come together to talk .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , to say , `` <unk> , comes the lady , please . We 're going to get together to talk .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I was like , `` Yes ma'am . I know I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what do you do when you come ? ''
And I said , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and I just heard it .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> me , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted of unfairly .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the criminal administration of criminal justice .
We try to end up with the sentences of life , without parole .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We 're trying to reduce the population in jails .
We try to end the massive <unk> . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and he looked at me and said , `` `` hmm , hmm . ''
And he said , `` We 'll be exhausted , so exhausted . ''
At that time , Mrs. <unk> , he put my finger on his face and he said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher than the worse we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that you do n't own , it 's not that it 's a burglar .
Even if somebody kills another , it 's not a killer .
And so I think there 's a basic dignity in the people who must be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very stimulating , so exhilarating , we do n't judge our technology , for our designs , or for our own intellectual and rational capacity .
At the end , they judge the character of a society , not how they treat the rich and powerful and privileged , but as they treat the poor , the doomed , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been convicted of a lot of toughness .
I 'm going to jail and I see my clients in 13 and 14 years , who have been <unk> to be <unk> .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge actually convert someone into what is not ?
The judge was <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One night long late I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something you 're not , you must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask some of that .
As I was too late , I could n't think of it right , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14-year-old customer , a little poor , black , black .
I started working in the <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` Let me know that my 14 black customer is treated like a privileged white person , CEO of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I had been able to have been able to be synchronized in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country there is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , not only had it <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I was really feeling very overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went into the court .
I thought this would be very difficult and drudgery .
I finally got off the car . I walked to the court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man ; he was a superintendent superintendent .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Are you a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I got approached and hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that it was <unk> .
That really has connected with my interior , with my identity with the ability we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I walked into the audience of audiences .
When you walk in , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you . Did you write this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` I know Mr. I was . '' And we started discussing .
People started getting there . They were all upset .
I was the one who had written these crazy things .
They got the cops <unk> , the auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . They 're all mad because we talked about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye I got to see the concierge that was going and came .
I would look out the window , and you 'll try to hear the whole thing .
I kept walking around here and there .
Finally , this old black , with a face of concern , I entered the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break , a <unk> assistant , because the concierge had entered in the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience of audiences ? ''
And the old black stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I walked into this audience of audiences to tell this young man to keep his view in vision with <unk> . ''
I 've come today to TED , because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very large , but it folds into justice .
We can not be truly human , if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is attached to others .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity should bind to doctors , compassion and justice .
And above all of it , to those of the people here who share this , I just want to tell you that keep your view in your target , <unk> target .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see a second wish of the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something is not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities close .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to do an effort to make funding that they spend today in punishment policies .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in the death penalty , in the next five years , one billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of murder is not going to be killed .
56 percent of the rapes do n't get anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to make the law for the law , to safety .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Some of the explanation of the explanation is that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate .
What would you say to you that you think is ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The great massive mass growth in this country is not for crimes with violence .
It 's because of the wrong War on drugs .
That 's why this dramatic rise is in the prison population .
And we let ourselves convince you by punishment of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life life -- to steal a bicycle , by small crimes on property , instead of making them <unk> those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of the <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does n't do anything for us .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : You 've got to be excited about it today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you so much for you to come to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow threats by Bin Laden 's death .
Announcer 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> <unk> : Police throws out gas .
Announcer 4 : <unk> <unk> . <unk> five : <unk> <unk> .
Announcer 6 : <unk> social <unk> : 65 killed .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> of tsunami . Announcer : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War War , massive , massive .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> end : Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my gosh !
Peter Diamandis : So these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- <unk> could be the last six days or for the last six years .
And the idea is that media media wants to be <unk> negative news , because our minds will pay attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day our senses get a lot more data than the brain can actually process .
And as nothing matters to us more than to survive , the first stop from all that data is an old excerpt of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the data , looking for something in the environment that could hurt us .
That 's why a <unk> of stories would look at the negative .
That <unk> saying , `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us negative news for the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , it 's not surprising to be pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is wrong with worse .
But maybe it does n't .
Maybe , instead , what really happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps the tremendous progress done in the last century for a number of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance of abundance of decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the extinction of species , water scarcity and energy ; we certainly have .
As humans , we 're very good at solving the problems , and in the long , we just got to them .
So let 's take the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled per capita income , per capita income has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we 're living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles Kenny that 's the global literacy country by 25 percent over the last 130 years .
We 're actually living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep putting ourselves more and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined meaning of poverty .
Think about it today , a lot of people who live under poverty have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the rubber <unk> , the <unk> on the planet would never have dreamed of such luxuries .
And so much of this is technology and , lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> in the information technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and double the price of the price for about 12 to 24 months .
And so the mobile reason you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that 's -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the twist of fast computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop in front of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it 's going to go up .
The growth rate of technology is even faster .
And on this curve , Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computer in the cloud , that my friends from Autodesk called infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distributed personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , fuel , vaccines , vaccines and food , the nanomaterials and the A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw victory at `` Jeopardy of Watson , '' from IBM ?
It was epic .
I looked in the paper the best headline .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> humans . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
He plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone in the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular how they can be used to solve great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students can impact a billion people 's lives .
Thirty years ago , that would be absurd .
We can now point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean creating luxury life for every single planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that that is scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon 's history .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited dinner the king of <unk> .
The troops of Napoleon were eating with covered in silver , and the same Napoleon -- they 're covered in gold .
But King of <unk> , ate with aluminum aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it 's worth more than gold and platinum .
For that reason , the tip of the Washington Monument is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is 8.3 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tied up by oxygen and <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and made the aluminum made so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
So we would take this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to Earth 16 energy power every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , but accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generated by diesel : <unk> rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the U.S. <unk> parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national half .
And if we have plenty of energy , we have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the wars in the water .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed the boat the Voyager spacecraft pointed into the Earth , in 1990 , after Saturn ?
You 've got a famous picture . What was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fought by 0.5 percent of the planet , but also here is a hope .
It 's a technology available not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen , this morning , one of the innovators in <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , she gave me permission to do it -- your technology called <unk> <unk> -- the <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water in the day of any source -- saltwater , polluted water , one <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
And the president of Coca-Cola remember that I 'll make an important test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes right , and I have confidence in that that will be , Coca-Cola will implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an innovative innovation for this technology that is today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent of mobile penetration in the developing world at the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that warrior warrior has better mobile phones in the middle of Kenya that President Reagan 25 years ago .
And , from having a smart phone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted ever .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid tens of tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars , HD video , pictures , libraries and music technology , now <unk> and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing comes in , when you show health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , called the X <unk> <unk> Award , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the equipment in the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device with the ones that they talk about , and because it has A.I . , they can coughing , can be extracted from your finger .
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the morbidity load is 25 percent , and there 's 1.3 percent of health health workers .
Now , when this device <unk> a virus of RNA or DNA that does n't recognize , call the health age , and first of all , to prevent the pandemic out of the pandemic .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it a billion growing .
The white lines here are the population .
We just had the brand of the 7 billion .
By the way , the best protection against the demographic explosion is to give up the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected them .
By 2020 , we 'll go from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds never have heard that you add to the global conversation .
What would these people want ?
How likely ? What would you have ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we will have the greatest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And <unk> from more health , thanks to the <unk> , a better education at the Khan Khan , and because of the use of 3D impressions and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity , healthy , productive healthy ?
How about some voices never heard before ?
What if we give them the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What are these three billion ?
What if they 're contributions that we ca n't predict ?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that before only do the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to finish by sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> determine the structure and functionality .
It 's a very important thing in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played with this college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started to play it .
And it has been shown that today 's pattern recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me an enormous confidence in the future is that we have more power to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion for the <unk> of <unk> .
We have the capital of the <unk> .
And we have three billion new minds that we 're going to do to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have a couple of remarkable decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
It 's the <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe they believed that after my finches , it was n't .
You actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as a `` common . ''
It was grouper .
It was caught up to the 1880s , it was very much until the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the Red List of the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and elsewhere , so that does n't have anything special .
But the case is we still came to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> still say they 're still intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story , also illustrates another concept : displacement around the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 , studying a lagoon in Western Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could do it .
I burned very much with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exhibition in the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palm palms , and as you can see from some mangrove mangroves .
There were <unk> of about 20 inches , the tilapia hot beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was incredibly abundant , and it was happening for a good moment , so it became more than average in Ghana .
When I was there 27 years later , the number of fish had dropped in half .
It 's about five inches .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing to change , but it has all changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of trawling fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , I started in the <unk> Europe , did a lot of development projects .
Developing development , it was to impose the countries that had already 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , rather ugly , was called <unk> 4 .
I went to fishing in him , and we did studies of the South China Sea , and especially in the Java Sea .
What we captured was something that we captured that we captured .
<unk> , now , sea bottom .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are in the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny blobs about the remains of debris , remains that are fish reef fish .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was launched .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study , and then it starts commercial fishing .
The bottom is going to be a solid fund of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead tortoise .
They did n't eat them . He wrote it because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was still not slowing down .
So they wanted to kill her because it was good food .
This is the mountain of remains is what the fishermen collect every time you go to an area where they 've never fish .
But there 's no documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
You know , you know , the starting point , the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you 're going to do this , something like that .
On the y-axis is good : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with naturally .
Every generation will use the images I received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the accumulation of changes .
And at the end of the end , we have a miserable remains .
And that , largely , is we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killed by people when societies kill the animals , not knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before it was extinct , it 's unusual .
You do n't lose animals , abundant animals .
You lose rare animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss .
Over time , we focus on large animals , and in a synonymous with big fish .
They become rare because you take them .
Over time there are few fish , but we think that 's the point of starting .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know that it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that it was very different .
And they 'll do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they would expect it to have evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you presented with , like captain such and just looked at a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , generally , is not using the scientists of fishing , because it 's not a scientist .
So , we have a situation where people do n't know the past , although we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't trust the sources of the past .
Out of the big paper that can be a protected marine protected zone .
Because with marine protected zones , we actually recreated the past .
We will tell the past that people ca n't conceive of because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected protected zone and can benefit from vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's arts and cinema , maybe you can fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you will have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were moving with the film -- thank you talk about the story of why they were going to do with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is to Cameron , do `` Avatar II . ''
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube approach , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form .
It 's true .
So today we 'll see why the videos are made viral , and what importance does .
We all want to be stars , celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , video video makes any of us , or from our actions , copper in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can become famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
You climb over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute .
And , of those , just a small percentage is viral , receiving countless views , and it makes cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : maker , peer communities , peer participation and a factor .
Okay . Let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
My God .
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video filmed outside his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows the views on the rise of popularity last summer .
<unk> was n't saying a viral video .
I just wanted to share a rainbow rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I 've already published a lot of videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that <unk> video to popularity .
The creators of trends as Jimmy <unk> are presented with some new and interesting things and <unk> them into a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : This is Friday , Friday . You 've got to start on Friday , you all want you to get the weekend , the weekend . ( KA : You wo n't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , hope .
`` <unk> '' in Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
They saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency frequency .
Like `` fragrance rainbow '' -- this video seemed to have come out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and a lot of blogs started to write about it .
Michael J. Nelson , <unk> Science , was one of the first people to do a joke on Twitter on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of default makers embrace a wider view and share the process .
So , this community of people who shares this big internal joke then starts to talk about that and doing things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> from `` <unk> '' on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other days .
Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century , this community participation is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a <unk> music .
That 's that , it 's all .
This year you saw him about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a <unk> version that has been seen four million times .
Until the cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made a version of the old .
And then it was international .
All of a sudden , a whole remix community came out of a remix that made this from being a dumb joke to something that we can all be part of .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , participate .
Who could have predicted something like that ?
Who might have predicted that `` Arc rainbow '' or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> Cat '' ?
What would the script might have been written to be written by this situation ?
In a world where you go up two days of video for minute , just that really unique and unexpected can be made out of the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against <unk> <unk> in New York , I admit I did n't get too interested .
Casey <unk> : I got a <unk> ticket , but there are often obstacles that get you in the properly <unk> .
KA : Thanks to the surprise of the surprise , and his humor , Casey <unk> made that five million people saw and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do creative .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , the totally unexpected , are features of a new kind of media , a new culture , which we all have access to and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the world 's celebrities , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
You ca n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little ownership of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , but they 're just today 's media , but they will <unk> the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that is still putting together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a lifetime .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported by unique and freedom of his country .
Think of the time the communists enter <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so much time friends , now they were making fun .
It 's silent in silence .
He died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother was never allowed to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to make it <unk> , but I 'll fix it .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn <unk> quietly .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage .
For her , life had been meant to one task alone : the escape of his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a four-year-old four-year-old that defies fiction , a boat slid into the sea dressed his fishing ship .
Every adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was pirates , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother was wearing a little bit of poison .
If you could catch us , we 'd take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are of that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow diving into each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember hackers who came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of men in our boat , or the motor dying and not being able to cut for six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed , and he died , finished the journey too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men in the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations , shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of workers whose population are comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class of middle class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that come from the shops were from the rest of the world .
And the <unk> pieces were traded between the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a <unk> assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a I.T time in IT technology .
We were poor .
All the dollars were assigned , and they were established an extra tutoring in English and mathematics , not matter what it should be removed , which was usually new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two nesting pairs for school , one to hide holes from the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And there were weird <unk> and <unk> about the `` <unk> eyes '' and some graffiti , `` Asians , come home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me would be <unk> .
I was accumulating purpose and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to fix it . ''
My mother , my sister and I would get in the same bed .
My mother was taxed every night , but we told us about our day and listen to our grandmother 's movements .
My mother had nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would start to be able to <unk> .
She opened a computer store , then I studied to be <unk> and opened other business .
And the women would come with their stories about men who could not make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were stuck in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classical , <unk> student with what I 'm going to do from myself .
In the other , it was very rapidly in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many received aid over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of law , I was elected the young Australian Australian man .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
As I read , I was an anonymous resident for <unk> , was now as well , refugee and social activist , invited to speak at sites that I never had heard of , and at home whose existence she would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about it .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retire to the routines and the happy of life in a <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters at the end of the day they did it for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of every one and running <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had the same age that she had when we got onto the boat .
The `` no '' has never been an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` Do n't be what those are not . ''
So I talked about youth <unk> and education , and they <unk> the outcasts and the exposed .
And the more frankly he talked about it , the more I was talking about it .
I met people from all the roads in life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the frontier of how possible .
And although I finished my undergraduate degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career race .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived , again , in the scene -- and not only it 's okay , but it 's something that 's grateful , maybe a ship of the boat .
Because being inside can easily mean that horizons , it can easily mean by the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world breaks down , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that they would not have been <unk> was tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare and bizarre mixture of humility .
So I kept my intuition .
I 'll take a small group of people for whom the slogan `` ca n't be done '' was a compelling challenge .
For a year , we did n't have a dime .
At the end of every day , he was doing a giant pot of soup that we all shared .
<unk> up to entry at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some bright ones , and we open up .
I made the decision to move to the United States .
after one trip .
My hunches again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up at a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had not changed for centuries .
Her father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was brought up alone .
At 17 , he became <unk> of a <unk> whose mother would beat her .
Without her husband 's support , he caused a nose to <unk> and bring the cause herself , and much more <unk> caused when I won .
He ca n't have proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , at 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower and I saw him stop on the other side .
I knew I had come to say I 'd come .
My mother calls minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around his coffin .
We tell him stories , and we made sure that we were still with it .
At night a monk came and told us that I had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise their hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand warm , and the rest of the body 's so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand since the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives have frustrated us .
<unk> would have been able to easily do it .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I ask myself about the boat .
Who might wish that to do that ?
I 'm afraid to the privilege of the easy , the right .
I can give you a bow in your lives , a brave diving in every wave , the constant pace of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to you and see them safely , I would .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother is here today , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the time of the old Indian epic , `` The Mahabharata ''
In those days , when Indians want to travel <unk> to a car , they 'll go through the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when you <unk> , the great prince of Indian warrior , he had thirst , he pulled out a bow and a <unk> to the floor , he could get water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the machinery .
And that 's a big deal of me .
Every time I felt a little bit more about <unk> .
I would tell you this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't give my friends .
I felt like the technology had to allow magic , not to kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me their <unk> silver bullet .
And this piece of technological technology was for my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , of images and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile , the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent the <unk> .
We hold our inspiration .
So I launched myself , I threw this technological world to see how to use it to build magic , rather than kill her .
It was books since 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device of storytelling able to connect the entire world 's readers .
You can know how we take the book .
Where are we .
<unk> the text with the image , the animation , the sound and the touch .
The narrative becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that good for us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
He says , `` Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- it says , `` This box belongs to -- '' I write my name .
And so I come back to a book character .
At a number of moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through the GPS -- that comes to me .
My inner girl are excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot of magic .
And I do n't mean by magicians and dragons , but that magic of childhood , to those ideas that are children who are children .
For some reason , fireflies in one jar always became exciting .
So here , we have to shift the iPad to release fireflies .
And , really , they light up your way at the rest of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by child was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book , and every world is transformed into a <unk> that I drag into this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every book , we 've always been maps , but it 's been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go into .
The other hugely important aspect to me is to create Indian content and contemporary time .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and the <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child history .
It 's a story that is today about today 's issues like the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up , glued to their PCs , have not left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or the iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had lots of collections : sticks , rocks , salt and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it .
So to get back this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , we would take a picture of a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tagging .
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web .
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey today . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Within the variants of the connection between magic , Earth and technology is so many possibilities .
In the next book , we said to have an interaction where you get out with the iPad and the video on and using augmented reality , you see a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants of the house .
At a moment the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and you 'll be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to go into a world where nature 's forces were <unk> with technology and magic and technology come to each other .
It 's the power of the sun .
We are approaching our kids and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and love love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk about why many <unk> projects fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at university University was <unk> to a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or asked patients , family and known , `` What happens ? ''
`` How can we help them ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems so that everyone , or maybe not all of the <unk> projects fail , because we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's a very simple thing .
He 's got a light-controlled on and off .
Every morning I get on it .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to reach 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect it , it sends my data to Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him too . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time when you need <unk> assistance or some urgency of that style , but I can see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
As some of you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale , and before I went up to my car , people begin to talk to me : I 'm going to tell you , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure pressure used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be <unk> to move people out of their chairs and develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
And from the next week , it will be available .
This little little bit connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , to take their blood pressure , put them up to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they come back to regain control and to be captains of their own boat , but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing cost costs , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like these , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did , I would like to share it with you with a video .
We all have remote navigation controls in cars .
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones .
And we know perfectly where the ATM machines are in <unk> .
And also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but no one knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> save lives right now .
So what we did was we put together in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience that : If you see a <unk> , please forgive me , you know where , and when it 's open , because it 's open , because sometimes open in the office zone and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> are already presented in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app to deploy them , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next few weeks to use their phone cell phone to find the nearest <unk> , what can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but as well as <unk> .
And we want to make it globally .
We 're <unk> all of the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , working and act as a center for the crowdsourcing world around the world .
Every time you 're on holiday and somebody collapses , you can be a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
I also invite companies all over the world that they could help us validate these <unk> .
You could be <unk> services , or some of telephony people , for example , to see if the <unk> is still in place .
Please help us , and not only improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my . ' photography .
Or is it <unk> ?
Because of course , they 're pictures that they ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed with my earlier passion for drawing , but it was a little bit different , because using the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when the trigger .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
I felt like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that I started by pressing the trigger .
Pictures like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected turn .
And , despite it , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common objective of maintaining the realism level .
And when I say realism I 'm saying .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can tell you , but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph .
In which you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that just capture a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them seem real ?
Are you the details , or the colors ?
Do you add light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But at the end it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it in a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is a realist .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we took different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfectly objects imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a certain way , they can create something that it still looks like a three-dimensional .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that that does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really about combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture seem realistic , I think they 're those ones we do n't even think of , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But by combining photographs , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something will be wrong .
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules to go on to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Secondly , the pictures combine to have the same kind of light .
And these two images actually hit with these requirements ; they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape , and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is totally composed by photographs of different places .
So in the personal personal I think it 's easier to create a place to find it because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought this idea in winter , I knew that I had a number of months to go to them , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone well .
And yes , I even put the red house from the top of the island to be more educated .
So to make a realistic result , I think it 's missing planning .
It 's always starting with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here each piece is really good for that .
If you do a good job , when you take the pictures , you can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
Let me start showing a slide about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram that I took from a mine 's folder .
I 'm not very interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect of it .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of unmanned microprocessors versus the power of local media networks .
Now , the interesting thing about this is that this one , as many other we tend to see , is a kind of straight line on scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude at the scale of performance .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
It 's more intensity because writing on paper .
Why do we plot technology curves on <unk> scales ?
And the answer is that if you draw it on a normal curve that , say , these are the years or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say much .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transport , on a <unk> curve , would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something happens , it gives a qualitative change .
If the technology of the transport technology is as fast as the microprocessors , we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it 's not moving to that rhythm .
There 's no precedent in the history of technological development , that every few years , advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to make is -- looking for these exponential curves , we see that they do n't keep forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
It 's one of two things .
Or it 's going to become a typical curve , like this until it comes up with something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like that .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something will happen .
So , we would now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are in a transition from what used to be the world , to a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and I wonder , is , what is that new way that adopt the world ?
And what new state is going on ?
The transition looks very , very <unk> if we 're immersed in it .
I remember child the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
So a transformation happens . We can feel it .
And we know it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it could be , how could that transition we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computer technology .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking away and look at the long-term stuff .
The scale of time I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we look at every billion years .
So , we 're going back about two and two billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock , with many chemicals that were going around it .
If you look at the way those chemicals organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin of origin with RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at that time , I had got to be floating on some droplets of oil with all sorts of chemical recipes inside .
Some of those drops of oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made materials from the outside , and so the blobs grew up grew out of the outside .
And they began to divide .
In a sense , those were the most primitive mobile forms -- these oil droplets .
But those blobs were not alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals .
And every time they 've been divided into an unequal distribution of chemicals in the chemicals .
So every drop was a little different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow become better at the time of bringing chemicals around them ; they were growing more , and more chemicals and split more .
Mostly they lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , a chemical , very simple chemistry , but things get interesting when these blobs learned the trick from the abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't really understand these droplets they learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe of the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two and a half billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same system of writing .
In fact , every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can write things with this code .
Here 's a hundred white dust <unk> that I try to hide people 's safety people .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA and 10 to 22 times .
So if anyone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have many for everybody here -- in fact , for each person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , he would have put it into a virus and would spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
And writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells be happy about another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things were very different from , and it was that these cells started exchanging and communicating information , forming these cells together .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin , and they were <unk> to create their tiny DNA with other bacteria , and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication led to communities that , in a way , were put together on that ; and set up a synergy .
And so they survive or failed together , so if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community became more , and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities were approached by so much that they came together , and they decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities from many different types of cells working together as a single organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that are no longer act .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and had more interesting levels than cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These began <unk> information .
And building very special structures that were not making information in community .
They 're the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process information that those mobile communities built .
In fact , they started specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record , understanding and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at the time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , learn how to eat some fruit , because he knew wrong and got sick the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had been built these information processing structures that would have learned that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit .
And so the fact that the nervous system built these information structures has greatly accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen to be confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time necessary to learn .
But then of course , the individuals found the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an amazing invention .
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea in your head .
I 'm sitting there emitting some <unk> , and hopefully building a similar , vague and confused idea , in your head that saved some analogy with mine .
But we took something very complicated , we converted it into sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to perform abstractions .
Now we 've gone through periods like the multicellular organisms , and we 're going to take our record methods , presentation and processing information .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM , etc . is the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> where it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've now accelerated time scales again .
The first stages of history that I told you had taken a billion years every one .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain took a few hundred million years .
The next , the language and so on , they took less than a million years .
And the next ones , like electronics , seems just a few decades .
The process is fed up , I suppose , is the right word to name something that accelerates his own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we 're looking at in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process is self-fulfilling .
But I win my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for <unk> would n't be possible without the medical advances .
But now design objects in such complexity that would be impossible for me design to design .
I do n't know that every transistor in that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with designers in <unk> <unk> , we think of an abstraction level , we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could n't do before , it gets much further away and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes using methods that we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put in the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions ? ''
You could run these sequences of random instruction sequences , running all those programs , and take those things that are more likely to be done with what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say , I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are closer to collecting numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some <unk> sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent random sequences that best did the task ?
And we 'll get those and <unk> the rest .
And now <unk> the best to ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> following a homologous process analogous to sex . ''
So let 's take two programs , which will give you children , that <unk> <unk> , and that children will take the properties of both programs .
And so we got a new generation of programs that had been a little bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please , you do the process . ''
So again .
Let 's take some mutations .
And it tries again and it 's about another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
At the end , we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect numbers .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I can not say how they work .
I 've tried to analyze them to see how they work .
These are dark programs , strangers .
But they do n't have a match .
In fact , I know , I have the safety of getting the target because they come from a lineage of thousands of programs that they succeeded .
In fact , their lives depended on that .
One time I was going in a 747 with classical music and you get a card and he says , `` Look at this .
It says , 'This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to offer a safe flight . Do n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
And so we started to depend on computers to do different design processes .
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things than produces normal engineering .
But we do n't understand all the choices that there are .
In that sense , it goes ahead of us .
Now we use these programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs much faster .
I mean it 's fed .
The thing is getting faster , and so I think it looks so <unk> .
Because all these technologies are fed .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog time to the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular .
We are the amoebas , and we ca n't understand what the heck we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant about our part to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes .
But now it comes lunch now , and I think stop here before I got away .
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've practiced time enough for me to give me part of my fake prestige of that .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little bit of baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series is coming .
We love baseball , right ?
The baseball is full of surprising statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's because of the rules , he 's talking about statistics and to use them to form a big baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you know that .
It 's called average of <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , of a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means that the bat was effectively three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being stuck , and anyone who tried to try to throw it out at the first base , does n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three tries of 10 .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> <unk> ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> <unk> ?
By the way , that 's somebody from 10 strokes , hit four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams player , the last Ted <unk> player in <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to do this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they 're derivatives a surgeon who has also a <unk> record .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that you live in a place away , and a loved one has two arteries , and your family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's remarkably improving this year .
And the hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think you should be the average of the hits of a heart , prosthetic surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very good .
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in the whole drug knows the hits of a good surgeon , a physician or a medical care .
What we do , though , is to tell the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
Now , never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was in medical school .
I was a obsessive obsessive student .
Once , a fellow in the high school said that Brian Goldman School was to study for a blood test .
So .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurse 's residence at General 's Hospital , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized and the muscle , the <unk> of every artery that comes out of your aorta , the frequent differential diagnosis , and not usual .
And they even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was going very well ; I graduated with honor .
And he 's going to get out of medical school with the impression that if you do everything , then it would know everything , or as possible , close to everything , because I 'm going to get rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met my lady <unk> .
I was a resident at a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency service , where I was working .
At the time I was assigned to the service of cardiology .
And when we applied the emergencies to a cardiologist , I got to the patient .
I report to the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was very rapidly .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> was , I heard a <unk> sound in both sides , which is what 's given me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , they fill out blood , and that 's why there is difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I started working on the treatment I would give .
I gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure on its heart .
I gave her <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And within an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very good .
And that 's when I made the first mistake , he sent her home .
I really , I made two mistakes .
He sent her home to his house without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone and I did what I should have done , which was to call my boss , and he would go with him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , I would have been able to give crows .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident for constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When they sent it to his house , I did n't pay attention to a voice inside that he was saying , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the nurse , `` Do you think she 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think , I think it 's okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed up the high , and the ambulance signed along with the ambulance them took her home .
And I went back to the hospital hall .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went on with my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was going to go home .
I went through the emergency emergency service .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady <unk> before , but another one , he told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists might fear them too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see the <unk> patients .
The three words are : Does it remember you ?
`` Does it remember the patient that sent home ? ''
The other nurse asked the other <unk> .
`` Well she came back , '' with the same voice tone .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
Within an hour of having come to his house , after I would give him the high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 -- the <unk> brought it to the emergency room with a blood pressure , which means a shock severe .
I would barely breathe and it was blue .
emergency personnel went through all their resources .
They gave her medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was in a shock and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and I expected all of hope to recover .
And in both of the two or three days , it was clear that we would never get it .
He had an irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they will be given to what was happening .
And to the ninth day , she left her to go . The lady , the wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of those who die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I 'm going to tell you for that , and I experienced for the first time the unhealthy machine that exists in our medical culture , and I felt alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't <unk> with your colleagues .
You make peace and you never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad about inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I 'm going to take things out and made sure they did n't get me .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why sent her home ?
And in my worst moments : Why made a mistake so stupid ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
So slowly , that feeling was <unk> .
And I began to feel better .
And in one day cloudy , he opened the sky , and finally the sun came out , and I was wondering if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if I would empower the efforts to be perfect , to not make more mistakes , I would make away those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it came back .
Two years later , I was an attendant in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto , and I got a 25 year-old man in her throat .
I was very busy and <unk> .
And he pointed out here .
I looked at her throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
She was <unk> by penicillin , and he sent him home .
But while he was heading at the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my guard shift , my chief asked to talk about me in his office .
And I gave the three words : Does it remember you ?
Remember the patient he saw for a pain in your throat ?
He came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
It had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , but the top area is , and it can cause the closing of those tracks .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
He managed to get antibiotics on it , and he recovered in the few days .
And he went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I was terrified and returned to work , until it happened over and over and over again .
Twice in the same emergency turn of the emergency , do n't get appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they 're going to get to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think that was a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Now an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out to me , a colleague who was checking the patient up to be some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read it liquid order to <unk> and asked my colleague to take a look .
I checked , and when you notice some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , I called the surgeon .
They were both operated .
But every case I got myself <unk> , I devoured .
But I would like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant have been for the last five years .
Only , ashamed and no support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't get to and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I teach this to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talk about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the errors of other doctors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , as well , that a <unk> in my hospital had the wrong leg , believe me that I would have difficulty looking at it in the eyes .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system that there are two positions : those who make mistakes and those who do n't -- those who ca n't sleep and the ones I know , who have a kind of lousy outcome , and they have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies that start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you do n't stop medicine to the people who make mistakes , we 'll get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a poor medical study and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first paper I wrote for the Toronto , to my program , `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked on a system where the mistakes happen every day , in which one in 10 drugs <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where the infections are <unk> are increasingly , causing chaos and death .
In this country , a thousand Canadian Canadian die of preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Medicine was established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not going to tell you the problem as we should .
And so they 're things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is taken up every two or three years , and we did n't care about it .
<unk> deprivation is filled with everything .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , and I was looking at my chest eyes and breath out to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story was <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't get their symptoms always in the same way .
All of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error , well , you wo n't get anyone .
And what about people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` <unk> white art , '' it 's already a habit to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell everybody , from the E.R . the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' and we 'll put the microphone towards them .
And their students would be <unk> , <unk> , to go down their head and they 'll start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> can say , `` Look , they did not make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a medical culture culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The medicine doctor is human , you know , human doctor , accepts it , and it 's not proud of his mistakes , but he tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
It makes people 's errors in other people , not with the intention of date , but a <unk> and support , so that they all benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes occasionally .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a doctor 's doctor .
I 'm a human , make mistakes .
And I 'm so sorry , but I get a lot of effort to learn something that can convey to others .
I do n't know what about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
You know how much we do in a week ?
I recently did a survey for more than 2,000 people , and the average number of choice that says to choose a half American , it 's about 70 a day .
Not a lot of research , in a research , followed by a group of companies .
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these CEOs and the time that we 're trying to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , we 've been able to put jobs a week .
Now naturally , every job , we had a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Just 12 percent required an hour or more of your time .
Now think of your choices .
Do you know how many of you belong to the nine-year-old category , and how many of an hour ?
How do they grade the way that decisions drives ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today : choose to the overload of options .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to give you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when I ask a question , if your answer is positive , please give me .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of your choice ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , we had this very , very high supermarket store -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , more than 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and some 25 of a bottled water . And this was when you made water from the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I thought , why did I never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different classes , including those who were in sealed box that came from the millennials .
I once decided to go to the manager , and I asked him , `` Does this strategy a strategy offer all these options ? ''
He pointed to the buses full of tourists that came in every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with the <unk> .
So .
They had a different class .
They put a post for <unk> , right to the grocery store .
We put six tastes there , or from 24 different flavors and look at two things : First , what do people be willing to try to try to try to try that jam ?
More people stopped when there were 24 ; 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also look at what case you were more likely to buy a soda pot .
Here we find the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there were 24 , only three percent were able to buy jars .
Of the ones you stopped when there were six , we saw that 30 percent bought jars .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy jam if they found six .
Well , to decide that we do n't buy jars , we probably wanted to want to be any better , but it 's less good to conserve the <unk> , but it turns out that the climate of options are affecting us in momentous decisions .
We decided not to decide , even though this is not being left .
Now the issue of the day : the financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we 're looking at decisions about savings for about a million Americans , from a million Americans in this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of extra funds available in retirement savings plans , the 401 program , <unk> people saving for the future .
And we found that actually there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two , to 59 options .
And we found that the older was the number of funding by using , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funding , the rate of participation to 70 percent or more , not as tall as I would like .
And in the plans they offered about 60 funds , the participation rate went down to 60 .
It turns out even if you decide to participate , when there are more options , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for the ones that they decided to participate , the greater the number of choices , more people would be amazed by avoiding stocks or investment funds .
As long as we had more choices , they were more willing to invest in financial bills .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would tell ourselves to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three negative consequences by offering it more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we will make the decision , which is the <unk> even when it goes against the self-interest .
You 're more likely to make the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to choose less fulfilling things , even though objectively it will be better .
The main reason is that you 're looking at that <unk> variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose from that amazing show .
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different kinds of research , so you can rehearse in your business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've got it before , but it has never been more true than today , which is less .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at more and more is that if you choose to cut , get rid of getting rid of some weird redundant options , there will be an increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When he <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head out of Head & <unk> , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Cat Golden corporation eliminated the products to take away from cats that were less sold , they increased income , by two causes : bigger sales and lower costs .
You know that today 's supermarkets know , on average , they offer 45,000 products .
In a store of Walmart , you have a 100,000 products .
But the ninth store in the world today is <unk> , and there 's only 1,400 products -- a kind of <unk> sauce .
In the world of financial savings , I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to handle the choices better is David <unk> 's Here , the Harvard program .
All the employees at Harvard are automatically attached to a insurance background .
The people who really want to choose , they 're offered 20 , not 300 or more .
You know , people often say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is to ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences there are between those options .
And if your employees ca n't tell the difference , you ca n't get their clients . ''
This evening , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience of a holiday with all paid money to the world 's most beautiful .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want to give you a applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
Okay . So anyone who 's ready to accept the supply .
Are they not more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something more .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really got to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , that in the second , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real time .
Because the pictures made it more real .
This brings me to the second technique to deal with the problem with your options , which is <unk> .
For people to understand differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and that the consequences have to be feeling very strongly , very concrete .
Why are people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards , who when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look like real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> that worked in <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were standing on a 401 plan .
And at that meeting , that save exactly how it was used , we made a little addition to it .
And what we added was that we introduced to the staff to the staff you would think about the positive things that they would put in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in the 20th percent accuracy and an increase in the number they were interested in saving or what they wanted to do in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in supermarkets , <unk> 's along the northeast of the northeast , the magazines can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But you know ?
Because classification tells me how to distinguish them .
These are two displays of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , they 'll pat yourself .
Well , there are some of them .
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , they 'll pat yourself .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know , you know ?
This classification scheme is completely useless .
The categories must indicate something that you choose , not that defined it .
And you often see this problem with those huge fundraising lists .
Who are reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think , if we just simplify it a little bit .
We need to increase the complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German maker of cars that allows completely <unk> .
You 've got to make 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one .
Color , outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor , box box -- four options .
What I 'm going to do is change the order that decisions make .
So half the clients are going to go from many options , 56 colors , to a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options , four boxes , <unk> colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you get the default button in any decision , this indicates that you 're overwhelmed , you 're just overwhelmed .
We found that the ones that go from many options , push the button over and over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , you go on there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order that information comes in .
If we started the easy thing , you learn to choose .
Even though you choose the box of change , I do n't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration , so we 're making it a choice .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged with the process .
So to sum up .
Now , I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of choice : <unk> , eliminating strange choices -- <unk> , making it real ; we can handle more categories with fewer choices ; we 're looking at complexity .
All these techniques that I 've presented them were designed to help handle the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their own issues , or for people who serve .
I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when I choose .
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the 1980s , communist Germany , if you had a typewriter I had to write out to the government .
You 'd have to register a piece of text writing with the machine .
And this for the government to track the origin of texts .
If they found a written with the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think of someone could do this , so much that it will do the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer , and you print a page , that page will end up having a little yellow dots on each page that you follow a pattern that makes them from one and your printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody seems to have a lot like this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three major causes of problems in the network .
If you see what happens in the online world we can put together the attacks on their attackers .
There are three main groups .
They are the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from Kiev 's city , in Ukraine .
The cybercriminals is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires millionaires , billionaires , that <unk> money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Joy .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and so on and so on .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means using banking trojans to steal money from our hands when we bought online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in a infected computer .
The secret to the U.S. , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and he had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is out out up , you know your stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a cybercriminal than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is wrong with worse .
In the future , most of the crimes going online .
The second group of bombers that we see today is not motivated by money .
There 's another thing that moves it , they motivate the protests , they motivate them to opinions , they motivate them .
Groups like Anonymous have been <unk> in the last 12 months occupying a leading role in online attacks .
Those are the three Big bombers : criminals who do it for money , <unk> like Anonymous they do to protest , and the last group are the governments to attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is a <unk> authority from the Netherlands , or , actually , it was .
<unk> broke out of the last fall because of a <unk> .
They took the safety of the site and took place to be <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with the Dutch government , asked one of the leaders if they could find death of people because they would find death of people from the attack to <unk> .
And the answer of it was yes .
So , how do people die from a attack on these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What 's the certificate of certified ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except that we had a foreign authority .
And that would give birth certificates .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters originally sought the headquarters for the Egyptian secret police headquarters in April 2011 , and during the looting of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large the communications of the country 's citizens .
They had sold this tool for 3,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools to governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this .
For example , in Germany , only a couple of weeks ago , found the <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
We were even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and to listen online , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's playing privacy .
Now , privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could rely on our governments today , in 2011 , any right to be born today , it will be forever .
Do you blind blindly in any future government , in a administration that might be within 50 years ?
These are the questions that have been worried about in the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the South Park in Nairobi .
These are the cows of my dad , the bottom , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi does n't have fences at most of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely out of the park .
And predators , like lions , they follow them , and this is what they do .
<unk> our livestock .
This is one of you who killed it at night , and so soon we wake up in the morning , and we found it dead , I was really bad because it was the only bull bull 's only bull .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals , and the whole land for us , and so we value them so much .
So I grew up sending a lot to lions .
They died there are warriors that protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think there are so few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine years old , is responsible for his father 's cattle , and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought that the lions were scared .
But I realized that actually it did n't help , because they even help lions see the pen away .
I did n't give up .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
And I was trying to trick the lions so they believed that she was near the pen .
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day , and they saw the <unk> , and they went , but the second day , they went back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So it took me and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day the lions did n't come .
I found that the lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on it to turn the lights off .
And this is a little broken flashlight .
Let 's get everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery , and the battery would burn the electricity into the little box <unk> . I call it a transformational .
And the box <unk> does that <unk> lights .
As you can see , the <unk> give out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And this is how lions you see when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had a problem with lions .
And the neighborhood houses , you know .
One of them is this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , a lot of animals , and I wondered if she could put the lights .
I said yes .
I got them . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've been installed in seven houses in my community , and they 're serving a lot of it .
And my idea is also used by all Kenya , to scare other predators as hyenas , leopards , and it 's also wearing elephants from farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is helping raise funding and <unk> .
I even took my friends to my community , and we set up lights in the houses that they do n't have , and I show them how to put them .
So a year ago , I was just a little boy in the meadows in the savanna held my father 's cows , and I used to see airplanes flying , and he said that someday I would be inside one day .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come in an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to be an engineer of aviation and a pilot when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture what exciting is to hear a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA : A fence ?
<unk> : I know you were already invented electrical fences , but I want to make mine .
CA : So you 've got it once , right ? -- and you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : At the foot of the canyon . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
Let 's put it on every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was small , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I was so proud .
In school , we passed all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned much about the rest of the world , except as America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Although I was wondering about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I was never starving .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
And he said , `` When I did this , the five family members will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the two past weeks .
We 're putting together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
At a while , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a little kid in her arms , watching his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody was helping them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine took up to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during the famine , and only few survived they ate grass , insects and bark .
They also made more and more prevalent the energy slice all around me was completely dark at night , except for the sea lights in China , just across the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we did n't .
This is a satellite photograph from North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> river , which is a boundary between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans .
But many die .
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea , but I can only say that in the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like as refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but it 's dangerous , because the North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destiny back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was actually made , when I was arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> in the police station .
Somebody had accused me to be <unk> , so I would give myself my skills in the Chinese language , and they asked me many questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I was able to control my emotions and said questions .
At the end of the interrogation , an officer told another , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy .
But many can be arrested for the Chinese and <unk> police .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they had captured it , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These North Koreans did not have so much luck .
Every year , countless Koreans are caught in China and <unk> to North Korea , where they are being tortured , incarcerated or executed .
Even though I was lucky to escape , many other Koreans have been so lucky .
North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and find work , everyone can take it in an instant .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much more challenging challenge of what I expected .
The English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but inside , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of division .
I even went through a identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call with a pride with pride .
Although I was going to go to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started to study for the university exam .
Right when I was starting to <unk> my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities made some money that sent my family , and , as punishment , my family was going to be shifted to the force to a location outside .
They had to run away immediately .
So , I began to plan how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the road to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the border with North Korea .
Since my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , for more than 3,000 miles across China , and then through southern Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught several times .
Once , our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese officer officer .
He was asked by the identification of everybody , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came to my family , I impulse on my foot , and I told him that they were <unk> people who was accompanying them .
I looked at me <unk> , but fortunately he believed me .
We did all the way up to the frontier .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laos .
But even after we pass the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the border .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated and incarcerated in professional capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
And I did everything for free to my family , and we were so close to , but my family was imprisoned in prison to short distance from the embassy of South Korea .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or a man 's voice , I would ask , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that an unknown stranger would want to ask .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I told him the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans and taken out of prison .
I thank all of my heart , and I asked her , `` Why does it help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the village <unk> . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of stranger , a new hope for me , and for the people who we needed to do .
And it showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I got together in South Korea .
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they go to a new country , they start with little money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , practices of the English language , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in touch with familiar with even familiar , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've got a lot of aid and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans a chance to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans , all over the world , including the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Central .
This is South Geographic : grocery stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together and they thought , we 're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else , so they changed something else , so they changed it to the South Angeles , as if this is what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is the South Angeles , <unk> from <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Like , the same as <unk> million other Americans , living in a food desert , the L.A. , the home of the food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that places for food to lead to more people than food in the car .
People are dying of illness in Los Angeles and South L.A .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize this happening .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come out of home see the effects of the current food system in their neighborhood ?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold in as cars .
I see dialysis centers centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
He also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , it was plant a food forest in front of my house .
In a land strip that we call a gardening .
It 's 45 feet three feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what it comes to me , because it 's my responsibility , and I have to keep it . ''
So it was like I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green L.A. , we put together , and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine whole vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of paid group ahead of the gardeners of all the backgrounds , the whole city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is for free .
And the garden was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city is done by me , and in short , I was given a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made court .
And I was like , `` Come on , really ?
A <unk> order to plant food in a piece of land that nobody matters ? '' And so it was like , `` Well , let 's go . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had the written story by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> <unk> , who put a petition in <unk> , with 900 firms , we were successful .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> were even called to say that <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of the United States with more <unk> terrain .
It 's got 68 miles of <unk> terrain .
That 's about 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why on earth do you do n't really think about this ?
It 's a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
This is my hymn , when I tell people , farm your own food .
Your own food itself is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central .
I grew up there . I 'm going to get my kids there .
And I was thrilled to be part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
The gardening is my graffiti , I farm my art .
Sort of like an graffiti artist , who were <unk> walls , and I would add soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and plants and trees , are my <unk> on that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the land can do , if you let it be your canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm a witness to how my garden became a educational tool , of transformation in my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We 're the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and <unk> act , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one time , who came a mother and her daughter , were like the 10:30 a.m. , and they were in my backyard , and they looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I saw people who was so close to me with hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , not temes that people go to steal your food ? ''
I 'm like , `` For God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to go to steal . ''
That 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but instead , I want you to take your health . ''
And there was another occasion when I put a garden in a <unk> shelter at the center of Los Angeles .
And they were these guys , they helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , I shared their stories about how this had affected , and how they used to plant their mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant 20 gardens .
We 've had , like 50 people who come and work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If kids were growing <unk> , the guys ate <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , you 'll eat tomatoes , but if none of it is taught , if you 're not taught how food affects your mind and your body , they eat blind things to put them in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing in which they 're stuck . I see color in this path designed for them , that they do n't take them anywhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are <unk> from their communities to have sustainable lives .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George Washington is <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we never will .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food in the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy brown .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free stuff , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to <unk> it .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out of the street , take the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners .
We have to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
You know , you 're going to take them to take your shovel ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In sum , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , you do n't call me if you want to sit in the comfortable chairs and I have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about doing some crap .
If you want to see me , you come to the garden with your backhoe , so you can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) You probably will all agree with me where this is a pretty nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and the asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially not in days as it rains , in which it rains so much .
You can have a lot of water on asphalt .
And especially if you go on your bicycle and these cars go , that 's not very nice .
Also , the asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a silent highway .
The solution for that is to do <unk> roads .
<unk> asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands , has pores , and the water can go through it , so the water water will flow sideways and you 'll have a road that 's easy to drive , and you do n't make water out of water .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise will disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
There 's also a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is to get rid of ? You see that in this highway , the stones go out .
First stone , then several more and more and so forth , and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can hurt your windshield , and you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also bring more and more damage .
Sometimes they can make potholes with that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see what the damage is in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , to the ultraviolet light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if you 're <unk> , they will be <unk> and separate from the <unk> .
So if you drive through the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material <unk> , then we probably will have a solution .
So what we can do is we can use steel wool from that to clean <unk> , and we can cut off the steel wool in very small pieces , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like you see here , that you 're using to cook -- a induction machine .
<unk> can heat , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you 've got to do is it 's heating the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> , and the stones will go back into the surface .
Today , I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , I 'm going to take a look at what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried many samples there , and then the government , they actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So there was a piece of road donated , 400 meters of the <unk> freeway , where we had to do a lane lane to try this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the highway test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We take a lot of samples from this road and we test them in the lab .
We made the samples , we 've gotten a lot of load in them , and then they know that with our induction machine , and then we came back and test them .
We can repeat that many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel fibers , incorporating these fibers , using the energy of induction , actually increase the life of the surface of the road , they can even double the surface of the surface . You can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , you have a curiosity of whether this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , you have to cool first before I can show you how repairability acts .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up a morning with the <unk> sound in my house .
My father was listening to the BBC in his little gray radio .
I had a great smile on his face that was unusual at the time , because the news generally <unk> it .
`` The Taliban went ! `` I screamed at my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I will never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old , when the Taliban had Afghanistan and made it illegal for girls to school .
For the next five years , I became like a child to bring my older sister , who could no longer be outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way that we could both educate ourselves .
Every day , we made a different route , so that no one could be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide books on market bags to look like we were shopping .
The school was in a house , more than 100 of us tight in a little room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we would take our lives ; the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , the school would suddenly close for a week , because the sympathetic Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Are they tracking us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and girls .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> that his daughter , my mother , was to school , and so his father would be dumped .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He was left two years ago , only to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite risk .
For him , there was a greater risk for not to educate his children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and he did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose whatever you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we need to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do you still want to do this ? ''
I 'm 22 today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find a proud here in <unk> College .
When I returned to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was <unk> from her home by the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He does n't just get away from my college degree , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , I 'm driving it through the streets in Kabul .
My family believed in me .
I have a big dream of my family , but my family has even more great dreams .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador , of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's because of what I cofounded <unk> , the first one and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country that is still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is , I see students in my school with the strong desire to take a chance .
And I see their parents and their families , like mine , prayed for them , despite the fact , even in front of a very daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went on to go from <unk> to his village , and literally they had been killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to your house , it 's the phone , a voice noticed that if I kept sending her daughter to school , they would try .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` But it will not hurt the future of my daughter for his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized in Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of the people we succeeded , there is a father who recognized the courage of his daughter , and he sees the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States .
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes .
I fear that these changes did n't last long , after the retreat of U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look back at the students in my school and their parents that I 'm going to ask for them , that the encouraged , I see a future <unk> and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and infinite possibility , and every day <unk> girls would remind me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten my grandmother 's words , who died in exile , `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you never have a revolutionary <unk> revolutionary . ''
It 's almost two years since the so-called inspired revolution that was inspired by the surge of massive <unk> as well as the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with a lot of other <unk> citizens , within and outside of the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young young men were at the cutting edge , pushing out the fall of the regime , they 're carrying booms of freedom , dignity and social justice .
You 've shown the courage to hear the brutal brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west up to the west .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of roughly 50,000 dead , we managed to liberate our country and overthrowing our tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seed seeds .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and moral structure of society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted , next to many other women , rebuild civil society , pushing a inclusive transition and fair to democracy and the national reconciliation .
About 200 organizations were established in <unk> during , immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , roughly 300 to <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and a unique enthusiasm , I began organizing workshops about developing capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we founded the West <unk> of Women <unk> by the Peace , a movement of women , leaders , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of women , and by the right of the equal to the <unk> of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was getting more and more <unk> , which was made out of the selfish policies of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first 52 elections in 52 years .
However , gradually the exhilaration of elections and the revolution as a whole , were disappearing ; every day , we found news from violence .
One day we woke up with the news of my old mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the killing ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the police officer of the military .
And every day , each day , each day , we woke up with the local government and their traditional human rights violations and their lack of respect of the law .
Our society , made up of a revolutionary mindset , and it turns out more , and it 's gone away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at the beginning .
The intolerance and exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire them with our history of the `` <unk> list '' and elections .
Rather , I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , we chose badly , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because election did not have brought peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidate reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society on polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Perhaps the missing was not just women , but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of more consensus than the election needed to be the polarization of polarization and division .
Our nation needs the qualitatively representation of females who need the numerical representation and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as an outrage , and to call it days of anger .
We need to begin to act as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a female speech , not only <unk> , but it also puts mercy instead of vengeance , collaboration instead of competence , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that Libya , shattered by the war , desperately in order to achieve peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that deals with the <unk> and the <unk> between female and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before they make it <unk> .
According to a <unk> of the <unk> Koran -- the peace -- `` It 's the word of the merciful God , <unk> , compassionate , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , it has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- the uterus -- and <unk> the female and motherly , which spans the whole humanity of men and women , that all tribes and all the towns have <unk> .
And so , as the uterus covers the embryo completely , that grows inside , the divine array of compassion is giving it the entire existence .
That 's how to say , `` My mercy is to all things . ''
That 's how to tell us , `` My mercy is <unk> about my anger . ''
They 're all <unk> the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is that everybody 's always doing , `` Why is she left ? ''
Why would anyone stay with a man who paste them ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , or domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just been <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first <unk> , my first green <unk> Express , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I believed my twin soul , was going on to the head with a gun , <unk> with bullets <unk> .
The man who loved anyone in this world who put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill me more than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love , where every year millions of women fall , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for World & 500 & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been almost 20 years old with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I drive a Odyssey <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all the races , all the religions , all income and education levels .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate , interdependent and long duration or , said otherwise , in the families , the last place you 'd want or expect to find violence , because of which , domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who 's stuck with , and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls that age are killed every year for couples , dating and abusive husbands in the United States .
I also was a typical victim , because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , his warning signals or his patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold , rainy night night .
I was sitting next to me in the subway in New York , and he started <unk> with me .
He said two things .
The first one was that he was also a <unk> university , and I was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that it was smart and fun , and it seemed like a field boy .
He had some big <unk> as apples , and a hair , wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate .
He did it mostly at the beginning of a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything about me : that I was ready , I 'd gone to Harvard , and I 'd put passion in helping girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
He believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as no one had ever done it .
And that was why the bachelor 's degree in that <unk> school and the job on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> to the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I went from New York and leave my dreams , but I thought I 'd do for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together in Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling in a `` insane love , '' which was entering head in a physical , financial , carefully psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it react to it .
And this is where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where they 're supposed to feel so safe , they bought three guns .
I had it in the <unk> of the car .
Another he kept under the pillow in our bed and the third one in his pocket .
And he said I needed those guns to cause the trauma of the trauma .
I needed them to feel secure .
But those guns were actually a message for me , and , although I never had my hand , my life was already in danger , every minute in every day .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my mom 's wedding dress and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure we live happily forever , because I loved her , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very desolate .
There was just a very overwhelmed sense for the wedding , and for the fact to form a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I would never make it hurt .
I spent two times more on our <unk> .
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach , and I lost , and he gave me so hard in the head that I was going to do with the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our <unk> of honey , I 'm going down by traffic and threw a Big Mac in the face .
<unk> remained once or twice a week for the next two years and a half years of our marriage .
And I was reminded when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or harassment at some time in his life , and the Center for Disease Control is reported that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had a very good company .
So , go back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help me face their demons .
The other question everybody does is , why does n't you just go ?
Why not I left ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the most sad and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to leave a <unk> .
Because the last stage in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has to end the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has become married , <unk> from financial resources , and manipulation of the family judicial system to <unk> the victim and their children , who are normally forced by judges to spend time not to hang out with the man who <unk> their mother .
And we still keep asking why it just does n't ?
I was able to go , because of a last beat beat that beat my denial .
I realized that the man I loved so much , would have killed me if he would be allowed .
So I broke the silence .
I told everybody about the world : police , my neighbors , my friends and family , full strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as scary headlines , <unk> women , damaged property .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` Guilt is yours for staying , '' as if the victims are veiled fall in love with men who want to destroy them .
But since I published `` Fool love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who learned that they had learned a underestimate lesson from what happened to them , and that would define their lives , joyful and happy lives , wives and mothers , completely free lives of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm a victim and a survivor of domestic violence , very typical domestic violence .
I was marrying a guy who was cute and kind , and we have those three children .
I have that black <unk> , and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to come back to have ever ever had , ever , is a <unk> pistol with my head in the hands of someone who says they want to me .
At this point , you 're like , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , '' or `` <unk> , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people who are hearing me right now , that they 're being abused , or they 're just being abused , or they were <unk> themselves .
<unk> could be affecting their daughter , his sister , their best friend right now .
I was able to put the end of my particular love breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> prosper only in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence , just shedding light on it .
We are victims of the world .
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light talking about it with his kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They 're going to tell her from survivors as fantastic people and charming , who have a full future .
They will take the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe output .
Together , we can turn our beds and our tables and our families on the safe and peaceful oasis they should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call myself Russell , and for a while , I 'm model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now there 's a uncomfortable tension in the room because I should n't have dressed this way . Luckily , I 've brought clothes for change .
This is the first place of clothing on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky to be <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come up , they do n't have to get them now , but I 'll find out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is going to go through this sweater , because it 's when you go to laugh at me , so do n't do anything as I cover my head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I never had a boyfriend in real life .
And the photographer was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer told me that I would go to my back and my hair 's hair .
Of course , except with surgery or a artificial tan , like that I made two days ago for the work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , although superficial and unchanging , it has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , for me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my workforce , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do me , but a sincere way .
The first question is , how does it get to be model ?
And I always say , `` An <unk> found me , but that does n't mean anything . ''
The real reason I made myself model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the benefit of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries , we have not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also partnered with a high and <unk> shape , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that is my heritage , heritage that I 've been aware of to leverage for money .
And I know there are people in the audience that now shows you skeptical , and maybe there 's some <unk> lovers say -- wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wen .
First of all , you 'll be willing to know so much models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York I told each other and every single models on the runway , and the hired models hired , only 27 , is to say , less than four percent , were not white .
The next question that people always ask me is , can it be a model when it 's older ?
And my first answer is , I do n't know about it .
But then , what I would actually tell each of these girls is , why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> , <unk> surgeon , which would be amazing , because you were the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist on , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I tell you , I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of nothing , and you could be the head chief of American <unk> magazine or the executive director of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
Saying you want to be a model that is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're bigger .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model , because unlike the <unk> surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've already done your studies , and you have a rsum , and you have a few jobs and some works on your back , no matter what you say , I mean , if you said , if you said , you said , you know , it wants to be president of the United States , but your rsum would look weird : Model
So the next question that people are always doing is if all the photos were <unk> .
And yes , you know , you know , you know , all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period still .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a little girl .
So I was looking at my grandmother a few months before .
These two photos are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a pajama party a few days before the photos for French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope that you realize that I 'm not in those photos .
They are creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always ask me is : Do you get free things for free ?
I have too many heels of six inches and I never use , except the couple of them , but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life , and that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a really bad driver , and he jumped in a red light , and , of course , you stood up , and it took a sorry , agent to be able to go down .
I love this privilege for me , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for what they do .
I live in New York , and last year , of teenagers , teenage people who were met and documented , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black young black men in New York , so for them , it 's not a question of <unk> ?
How many times do I get distracted ? And when ?
When I looked at this talk , I found out that at 53 percent of the American girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that number goes at 78 percent at the 17th .
So the last question that people ask me is : How is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer you 're expecting is : If you 're a little thinner , you have the brighter hair , you 'll feel very happy and great .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative people , ingenious and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just one part of what 's going on , because what we never say is , in front of the cameras , what I 've never said before , is : I 'm insecure .
And I am because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you ever ask yourself , with some more thin legs , and the brightest hair , will be happier ?
They only have to come together with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the laundry , but they 're probably the most <unk> women on the planet .
But mostly it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to hold out of this talk , I hope everyone 's more comfortable with recognizing the power of the image that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to support a camera , but I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures , and I did n't get them who got them .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum light on lighting .
In fact , most of them were pulled out tourists randomly .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife pulled me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
And he just happened to go back to New York City just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When I was approaching my daughter 's third birthday , my wife told me , `` Why do n't you take you back to New York on a <unk> journey and you follow the ritual ? ''
Here 's when we started to ask the tourists that were going to get us off the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied , and fortunately , no one has never gotten to the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much it would change us this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day , so that a five-year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations in a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop time in a October week , and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not just a physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always took the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter gets new milestones , and I can see life through their eyes and how it perceives everything .
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all the year .
Recently , on one of the trips , we were going to walk , when suddenly he was stopped in my dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the dollhouse for my little loved ones in the past .
And he described me what made sense to the age of five to the same place .
He claimed that it remembered its heart to be able to see that it was a force to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you see in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York City .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create are memories .
So , I want to share the idea of engaging in conscious memories of memories .
I do n't know about you , but besides these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the family photos .
I 'm always the ones that take the picture .
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you 're not going to be able to get into somebody and ask them , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to tell you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
vultures are found in the most threatened birds .
First of all , why have a bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter like <unk> , silly , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know , laughter and applause , and these are the attributes that relate to Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do not keep the environment clean . <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They hardly are monogamous . They 're far away from extinct , and my favorite , the vultures have better presence . There are two kinds of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits in the New World who are mainly in the Americas , like the <unk> and the Queen of the Old World School , where we have 16 species . These are 16 , 11 to a high risk of extinction .
So why , why is the vultures are important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services . <unk> .
They are our gatherers of natural trash .
You 've got dead bodies to the bone .
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb anthrax , that they would not be spread , and they would cause massive losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no vultures , the dead bodies take three to four times as long as they 're broken , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of disease .
vultures also have a huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protective , and the motherhood , and , with the king cobra , the unity between the Alto and below Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , the <unk> was the <unk> god , and he risked his life to save the Tasmanian goddess of the devil from 10 heads <unk> .
In <unk> culture , they make a few very important burials in the sky , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead to the dead , or wood , so these rabbits provide a natural elimination system .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are endangered threatened .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that you are being poisoned is because there is conflict between humans and wildlife . <unk> communities use this venom against predators , and as a result , the vultures are victims of this .
In southern Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , it 's going to be <unk> , and the reason is because they fall out of the livestock consumption that has been treated with a drug .
This drug has been banned by veterinary use in India and have taken a position .
Because there 's no vultures , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the street in landfill , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge time bomb for rage . The number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> will be above Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds , they cut them in half .
They 're <unk> .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible trade of vultures dead to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what are you doing ? Well , we 're looking at these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine your basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel by different countries , so focus on a problem locally , it 's not going to do anything .
We need to work with governments in the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide .
How can you help ? It can become assets , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and say to you , we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures . They will take their time to spread the word . <unk> the word .
When you get out of this room , they would tell you about rabbits , but they talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors on rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed an opinion , because he saw it fly without effort , no energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded by seven years of work in Africa .
And from 1971 to 1977 , I was young , but I 'm no longer . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Coast Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in <unk> of technical cooperation .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was very disturbed .
I thought , to the 21st , the Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing with it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> de <unk> , '' it was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So we came up with seeds , literally south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down into the <unk> River , and we teach the local tomatoes and Italian tomatoes and <unk> .
Of course , people were n't all at all of them interested in doing that , so they would tell them to come to work , and sometimes they 're not coming . We were amazed at that local people , so fertile valley , they would n't have agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that we did n't hear anything , we just said , `` Thank God we are here . '' `` Right now to save the people of Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was grown beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato tomato would grow in Zambia .
And we could n't believe it , we were saying to them , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red , overnight , 200 <unk> came out from the river and ate everything . And we said to them , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yeah , so we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never ask . ''
I thought only we make the mistakes in Africa , but then I saw what the Americans were doing , what they did the English , what they did , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you can see , at least we feed them .
And we would see the waste -- we 're going to see the waste that we 're going to tell people from Africa .
You want to read a book , read `` <unk> <unk> '' from <unk> <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about damage that money has caused .
You just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
The Westerners are imperialists , Mormon , and we treat people just in two ways : or we treat them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin estate `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I 'm dealing with anybody in a different culture like my children , `` I want you a lot . ''
<unk> , I 'm trying to deal with all of a different culture like my servants .
So the white ones in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face , `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This one should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is respecting .
This morning , the guy who opened this conference , put a cane on the floor , and he said , `` You can -- you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided at 27 years just to answer people , and invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you never motivates anyone , but it becomes a servant of local passion , the servant of the local people who have the dream to become a better person .
So what do you do ? You 'll get away .
Never come to a community with an idea , and sits with the people in the town .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give you an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what is going to do ?
The passion that she has for her own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we 'll help them find knowledge , because no one in the world can be successful .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once it comes to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never support , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they have identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
To the smartest people in their community , you do n't even know it , because they do n't get to their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one to one , and we work face to face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You have to create a new career .
The profession is the family doctor in the company , the family doctor , which is established with you in their house , at the table in their kitchen , in the coffee table , and it helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a form of living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending crap where we got to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very hard .
And so -- and the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , passed away the 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they got involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says , `` planning is incompatible with a society and an innovative economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit .
So now , we would now <unk> reconstructing what the <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk with you .
You have to give you for sure , privacy , it has to be fantastic by helping you , and then <unk> , will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we got 200 clients .
You can imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
So what 's you going to show you more this morning ?
Local people . That 's what you 've got to do .
So what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fossil fossil revolution , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to think about , is how we do it , we heal , we educate , we educate , we are moving to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? The universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There is an adorable story that 's in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the <unk> year .
And in the year Gallery , it got together this group of people , and they <unk> about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and they pointed out , if the population stays growing up to this rate , to move the population from New York to the surrounding , six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already taken out of dung . So in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty little technology that <unk> the life of New York .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , in the United States , <unk> companies -- <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Gail , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to give you for sure .
Otherwise , they wo n't come to talk with you .
Then you have to give you a absolute , dedicated service .
And then later , you will have to tell you the truth about how to start .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three great things : the product you want to sell , you need to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to have a great financial administration .
Guess what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and search for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is not born .
We 've looked at it and looked at the 100 separate companies in the Carnegie , Andy , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Yahoo , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , just one : no one was started by one person .
Never the word `` me , '' but the word `` us , '' 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody starts a company alone . Nobody .
So , we can create the community where they have facilitators , who come from a little business environment in sitting in coffee bars , in bars , together with their dedicated comrades who will do for you , what somebody did for this gentleman who speaks to this epic , somebody who would ask you , what needs ?
What can you do ? You can do it ?
Okay , so you can sell ? Can you look for the money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to look for anyone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those of us who can help us in a lot of ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't know a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces .
Over the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
So these projects came from questions like , how much will they pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment ?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and better understand our landscape ?
How do you share our hopes for our own empty stores for our communities to reflect our own needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love in New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and trust .
And there 's a parade in New Orleans , there 's a parade in New Orleans ; the city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest number of U.S. U.S. properties .
I live near this house and I thought how it could turn it into a more pleasant space for the neighborhood , and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
Her death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this has been a deep gratitude for the lived time .
It gave me clarity to the significant things of my life today .
But let me take this look in my daily life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be able to catch up the day and forget what 's really important for you .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard , and he painted about it phrases for it , `` Before I die . ''
So , <unk> could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in the public space .
I did n't know what to expect about this experiment , but the next day , the wall was filled with me and still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy . `` Before I die I want to sit on the line of date . ''
Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
Before I die , I want to live outside the network . ''
Before I die , I want to get more and more .
Before I die , I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh , and they gave me <unk> , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone ; it 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about giving thinking of reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
And so with my colleagues in the center of the civic center , we did a kit , and now they have been done walls in countries , as Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
We showed together the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are the time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , to find the ways to preserve your perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that we could empower ourselves more power .
And if you think about death , we 're going to think about our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as a community and with more means to share hopes , fears and stories , the people around us ca n't only help to improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 years old , it 's high and very handsome .
It does n't talk , but it transmits joy better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
You 're sharing what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
You do n't care about religious differences , and notice this : Never lied .
When I sing songs of our childhood , trying to speak the words that I did n't even remind me , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 . It 's high . It 's very hot .
He has the more pristine memory .
But it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if he stole my <unk> , but remember the year every year of my iPod 's songs , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , pee on my arm during the first episode of <unk> and the Lady of Lady Gaga .
Does n't you seem like amazing ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normality of society , they are often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart and my soul was that even if that was the case , although you would n't consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary ones .
Now , for those of the least familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social media , learning and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual stands in a different way , from there , that you 're going to be so different by Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , are diagnosed with a new case of autism , and although it 's one of the disorders of the development that fastest increases in the world , there 's no cause of known cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self in my life .
When they spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It 's a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
She lived in his own world , and it was in his own world , with his own rules , and I would find pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in around the room , looking at the washing machine and eat anything there was between me .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences became evident .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a really unique , pure nature , a child who saw the world without prejudice , a human being that I never had lied .
<unk> .
I ca n't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family , moments in which I wish they were just like me .
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they 're things that would n't want to change by normality .
The normality is all over the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that anyone 's wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach one thing to <unk> and to Sam and to you , it would be that you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because autistic people , the differences we have -- are a gift ! Every one of us has a gift inside and , honestly , the search for normality is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress , and change dies at the time that we 're trying to be like others .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit of what has been going to be Alice in the flood of the Wonders of the Wonders .
Penn State was asked to me , a communications teacher , giving a kind of communication to engineering students .
I was scared . <unk> really , really <unk> of these students with their great minds , their great books and their great words .
But when those conversations develop , I felt what Alice had felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just like that , I felt when I had those conversations with the students , I was surprised by the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , among others , and if we do n't know , we do n't understand this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility like not scientists having these interactions .
But these big conversations ca n't happen if our scientists and engineers are n't inviting us to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and the engineering is sexy .
First question for <unk> : And then what ?
And so why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us that they study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which is the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing your science , care about jargon .
The jargon is an obstacle to our understanding of your ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary , '' but why do n't we say , `` space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing to make stupid .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can also communicate their science without engaging the ideas .
And one thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , these are ways of hook and <unk> with their content .
And when I present her work , forget about the signs of `` bullet . ''
You 've been wondering why they 're called `` bullets '' ? What do the bullets do ? bullets kill , and killed their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not boring , it 's getting too boring in the area of the language of our brains and engulfs .
Instead , this is an example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible phrase , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then you will provide graphs that we can put into our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what it is described .
I think these are just some key people that can help each other open and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words in the entire Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Even though there was a journalism editor in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> is that he is looking for a public charge , no matter or platform or principle , and when he wins , it gets by the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the foundation in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to master language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary chamber .
And all this was because of the courage of a guy with the unusual name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
They put her in the London Tower and was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to face them , and he had such a popular support in London that I won .
And just a few years later , we had the first recorded use of the phrase `` <unk> '' like metal .
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's a freedom advocate of speech .
But to show you how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , right after independence .
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , their leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all sorts of suggestions that you could have <unk> .
Some of them wanted to call it `` State of State Washington , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and other people who are <unk> from the United States 's U.S. People . ''
Not very appealing .
Some of them just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was <unk> .
And even with it was <unk> , they had the idea that you could be chosen by a given deadline .
And I could have served .
Everybody got immensely tired , because this debate was <unk> for three weeks .
And I 'm going to have a poor senator daily , and I would always write , `` Even with this topic . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call it King if he was giving him or his successor to him .
So , they wanted to give you the most modest , more insignificant , more unfortunate <unk> .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was only `` somebody who would give you a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There were <unk> presidents of little <unk> <unk> , and some of the government , but it was actually insignificant .
And that 's why the Senate is written .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreigners . ''
`` And who 's going to take a really ridiculous , ridiculous title like President America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate Senate .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite , until I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been written by the title of the President .
President Barack Obama are lucky to follow there , waiting for the Senate .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that as a time is temporary -- it 's possible that we keep waiting for years more .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the American 's degree of America does n't sound nearly as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads available , the largest economy in the world and a fleet of flying vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story has endowed with the title of <unk> .
And so I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness , well , it was a uniqueness of the time .
But , you know how many nations have the president now ?
And everything because they want to sound like the 5,000 nuclear warheads , and so on .
So , at the end of the Senate , the House won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one is going to be humble when you tell them that they 're the president of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape shape and control reality , but actually change it much more the words that what these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to feet underground in an illegal mine from Ghana .
The air is hot and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that they talk about , but especially , that cacophony of <unk> male and stones <unk> with primitive tools .
Like others , I 've been a cheap light lamp attached to the head with this <unk> elastic band , and I can barely tell the branches of the branches that hold the walls of that hole that drops hundreds of feet on the ground .
And I would get my hand up and all of a sudden I remember a miner I met before , who lost control and <unk> feet in that well .
While I talk to you today , these men are deep deep at that hole at risk their lives , without paying no reward , and often dying .
I went out of that hole and I went home , but they may never do it , because they 're prey to slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> in the Vancouver 's Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people I met there , I met a team of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO that 's used to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and really , I started learning about slavery , because I knew that it exists in the world , but not to such a degree .
When we finished talking to me , I felt very bad -- I was honestly ashamed of going on this atrocity of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
I got a knot , and a few weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So , my journey started to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some , even , I thought it was my second home .
But this time , the dirty dirty dirty rags .
A conservative calculus says that there are now more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice as much of African Africans all over the entire slave slave .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer farmer was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
However , today , these can be enslaving entire families by generations for <unk> debt .
Remarkably , slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many have been fooled by false promises of good education and better work to then figure out they are forced to work without paying , under violence , and they ca n't escape .
Today , slavery operates in trade : the goods produced by slaves , they have value , but those of them are disposable .
slavery is all over the world , and yet it 's illegal throughout the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the brick furnaces .
This weird , <unk> show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Dante 's <unk> .
It 's in a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , children , in fact , whole families wrapped up in a <unk> <unk> stack of mechanically bricks in their heads , up to 18 at the same time , and take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are 100 meters away .
<unk> for drudgery and tiredness works quietly , doing this task over and over time for 16 17 hours a day .
There were no breaks breaks , not to drink , and the severe <unk> would make pee quite inconsequential .
And so <unk> was the heat and the dust that my camera became too warm by touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air-conditioning , and then , sitting there , I thought , my camera receives a lot better than these people .
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And it explained to me so clearly that I will show emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't give you any direct help .
I could n't give them any money , nothing .
I was n't citizen citizenship .
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already .
I had to rely on the <unk> and working within the system for her release and he trusted what they did .
As soon as I was waiting to get home to feel my own heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids dragging stones for miles across mountain land to trucks to waiting down .
Those big ones were heavier than the kids who were loaded and children hold her heads with leg straps made of sticks , strings and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something that insidious but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without <unk> , because this has been this whole life .
You have nothing to compare .
When these villagers were eating their freedom , the <unk> burned completely on their homes .
When you hear the word <unk> often , we often think of sexual trafficking , and because of this world consciousness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work safely in this particular business .
In a couple of women who had been previously <unk> sex .
They drove me around stairs , which would give me this dirty , faint light , fluorescent light .
It was not exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local to prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where the slaves were <unk> with their girls and children , some of them just seven years -- are forced to entertain the clients , and they were willing to buy more food and alcohol .
Each one is dark and dirty , identified by a number that painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
Women often suffer sexual abuse to their clients .
On the twilight zone , I remember a kind of sharp <unk> fear , and in that moment , I could barely imagine what it should be trapped in that hell .
I just had a way out , the stairs where I walked .
There was no back doors .
There were no windows enough to climb up .
Those people do n't have any <unk> , and because we touch a very difficult issue , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual traffic , happens around us .
There are hundreds of people in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles are another activity that we often engage with their slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where there were entire families going into the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
Black hands of black are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of his children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels , and they dip silk in the liquid to the elbows , but it 's toxic is toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , though , can be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we actually pay our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children put in Lake Volta 's lake , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we came up , I went through a quick look .
I saw what seemed like a family of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , makes sense ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Kids are separated from their <unk> families , and they disappeared , they were forced to work on deep <unk> on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing how to swim .
This kid is eight years old .
When our boat came up , I was shaking , which was his little canoe out there .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
<unk> branches of trees plunged into Lake Volta 's often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , is thrown into water to unleash the branches .
Many are suffocate .
Since remember , it has always been forced to work in the lake .
In fear of his love , he 's not going to run away , and , like all of the life has been treated with intent , <unk> tries to slave slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they raised the latest networks , but they had been working from the one .
It 's cold and windy night .
And it 's going to point out that these nets weigh more than 400 pounds when they 're filled with fish .
I want to introduce Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen .
I met him in a shelter where the <unk> <unk> victims of slavery .
Kofi Annan symbolizes as possible .
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in your life ?
<unk> on a road in Ghana with <unk> partners from <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his two-wheeler suddenly accelerated and surpassed our car and played out the window .
He asked us to put it on a road path to the forest .
At the end of the road , we would get rid of the car , and he asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed to this path just visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the path . Come on . ''
As we start down , we take away the <unk> that we get on the road and after walking around an hour , we found that the path was happening for the recent rains , so I put the pictures of my head as they were <unk> in these waters .
After two hours of walk , the <unk> path ended abruptly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit into a football field , and everyone was full of <unk> workers .
A lot of women had children tied to their backs , and as they were looking for gold , they walked around in hot waters with mercury .
mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well , they were steeped in their own sweat .
I remember looking tired , <unk> , because many of them had been underground for 72 hours .
<unk> have to be 90 feet , and these people are carrying heavy stone bags that they will then be shipped to another area where they were <unk> the stone to extract the gold .
At the first sight , the site seems to be full of strong men and <unk> , but if you look closer down , the margin we see working to other fewer , and also children .
They 're all victims of injury , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up like this victim of tuberculosis and non-violence in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died , he took him to work with him in the mines .
As his uncle died , I <unk> inherit the uncle 's debt , which force to be a slave in mines .
When I met him , I had been working at the mines 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so big that the doctors said it had to be broken .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet it 's compelled to work night and day in that mine .
Yet , he dreams about being liberated and educated with help local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , to a remote possibility , which makes me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light on the slavery .
They knew their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we will give them testament to them and we 'll make everything possible to help change their lives .
I truly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not magazines . They 're people real people , like you and me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that happens that I do n't think of these so many beautiful people , I think , I 've had the great honor of knowing .
I hope that these images wake up a force in which you see them , in people like you , and I hope that you would turn on a fire and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math applied , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like the management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'm trying to tell you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We would take the virtuous of the ballet and the <unk> dancers that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training , a high level of dexterity , and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurologic disorders like Parkinson 's disease slowly destroy this extraordinary skill , as it does with my friend <unk> <unk> , who , in his time , was a virtuous dancer .
In the last few years , it has been made a lot of progress in treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness , other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately , the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective measure and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's , and other disorders of the movement there are no biological tracking analysis , and that 's why they do n't have blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside of the clinical trials , they never do .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could do the test for themselves ?
It does n't need personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So , what I want to propose to you as a fancy way to try , you see , in some sense , at least , we 're all virtuous , like my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of vibration from the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds like talking , we can imagine like a vocal ballet dancers because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes required . The <unk> , for example .
And as the ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can trace the position of vocal chords as vibrate , and as it affects the Parkinson 's limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom trace , you can see an example of <unk> <unk> of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
Do any vocal shake , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials ? Well they 're both <unk> .
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both accurate . Well , but also <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds a lot .
They 're very low cost , and we all know what happens .
When something goes so low , it comes on a massive scale .
These are some incredible goals to address .
We can reduce your patient 's difficulties .
You would n't need to go to the clinic for the follow-up report .
<unk> monitoring we could get targets .
We could do a massive recruiting , low-cost recruiting for clinical trials , and for the first time , doable in large scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
And so when we give the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and begin to address these goals .
We have accessible local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with no Parkinson 's , can call low price and leave recordings by pennies , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So maybe Max , taking all these samples of , say 10,000 people , will be able to say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What are you going to come from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You can see , some people can not afford it . You may not end it .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances , and doing this in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for the factors of the confusion of the <unk> of the disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
Actually , my student <unk> , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well , what 's the project -- now we have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little <unk> , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March of 2011 , I was making <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures , gray creatures .
We were <unk> in the dark , in windowless rooms , and usually we avoid sunlight .
We do the thin thin thin models , even thinner , the perfect skin even more , we do the impossible , and it 's possible and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of expertise and real taste for images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that were happening in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where it was voluntary , where <unk> <unk> was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , together with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't sit at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I went to <unk> .
It 's a little fishing village in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The level of the record has reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles inside .
As you can imagine , the people was crushed .
We take rubble from the canals and ditches .
We took schools . We took the mud and we left the houses to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten out of the local factory .
We were <unk> and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like the neighbors found similar things .
They found photos and <unk> photos and cameras and SD cards .
Everybody did the same .
Let 's go through it and take them to different places of villages around them to get them .
It was n't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered .
As was fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to leave absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a <unk> center of the village .
It helped clean up the communal bathrooms , the enormous , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the <unk> center pick the photos .
And there it was , and I had the honor of that day <unk> in me to clean the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard about speech to think beyond horizons , but it was n't until I went through myself my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some of them that had more than a hundred years , and some of them were still in the lab , I could n't help but think about how to fix that <unk> and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I went into Facebook contacted with some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started making the photos together .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too spoiled , but where the water had taken off the face of the girl had to get to make a lot of precision , and looked at it .
In another way , that little girl would not look like her , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture .
By the time of the time , they came out by hopefully more photos , and it took more <unk> , and so I went back on Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later 80 days of <unk> people were offered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people from getting together .
In Japan , in July , we mobilized ourselves to <unk> , a village village north of <unk> .
Once a week we use our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had set up , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it would take up in <unk> is a different story , it depended on of course the photos of the photos .
She could be an hour . I could have a couple of weeks .
It could be a few months .
This <unk> had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had not destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in saltwater , covered in bacteria , with algae , and even with oil , all of it along with the time I continue to <unk> , so that <unk> hand was a major part of the project .
We could n't ask the picture unless it was clean , dry and had been kicked by his owner .
We were lucky enough to hand by hand .
We have the guidance of a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to hurt even more the pictures even damaged .
As he said once <unk> , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to the photos .
He had begun to call her herself , but he stopped when they had stopped the injured even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would n't have been able to rebuild , and we were able to put the images into a single picture and made the picture complete .
When he collected his pictures shared something from his story with us .
Some colleagues of her husband found the photos on a department of firemen between the debris quite far from where he used to be his house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside water as the Sirens sounded .
Their kids , not so small now , but their two children were in school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
He took a week to find all his family and knowing that everybody survived .
The day he handed her pictures of his son at the age of 14 .
For her , despite all this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could look back , something that I could remember from the past that would n't have been beaten by that day , when everything in his life changed or destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had come together in there -- hundreds of them helped us to clean hand back to 90,000 pictures , the vast majority -- the vast majority of their own owners <unk> their own . <unk> .
More than 500 volunteers from all around the world helped us give back to 90 families hundreds of photos , and they 're totally homophobic and <unk> .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials , most of the ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a place , a relationship , someone dear .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we 'd take , but the first thing you 're looking for .
This is about the project , to restore little pieces of humanity , to bring someone into their connection with the past .
When a picture like this , you give someone a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something bigger , back to something , using their talent to something that are not a perfect skin models .
In closing , I 'd like to read this email . I emailed him the day that I came back from Japan after six months .
While you 're going to do it , I could n't help but think about the people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the young child , gathered around a baby , and I moved around , because a picture like my family , my grandmother , my mother and my newborn daughter , hangs on our wall .
In the whole world , in all of our basic needs , are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> was inspired by awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet going through an apple in an exhibition in a second of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go to a million times faster and see the world not to one million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see behind corners , beyond the line of vision , or look at the interior of the body without an X-ray , and they really defy the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it into and put it into a <unk> <unk> , and it will be , in a number of <unk> , create a photons of a photons .
And that little packet of photons , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we hit this bottle , how are those photons disperse into this bottle ?
What 's the look like light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember , all of this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion .
Coca-Cola do n't have this research . These are a lot of things in this film ; we 're looking at this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , comes into the bottle with a package package that starts <unk> and that , inside , starts to <unk> .
Some of the light 's vanishing , he goes to the table , and we started looking at these ripples .
Many of the photons finally arrive at the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble that bounces inside .
At that time , the waves travel down the table , and because of the insights on the top , you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several squares , that the insights will concentrate .
Now , if you take a common bullet and we do that you would go through the same distance , and we see it in slow motion about 10 billion times , how much do you think it would take us sitting inside that movie ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a year .
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion .
And what about trying to test with dead nature ?
You can see the waves out of the table , the tomato wall and the bottom wall .
It 's like a pebble on a pond .
It 's the way that nature paints a picture , I thought , of a <unk> at the time , but , of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it goes bright . It does n't look dark .
Why ? Because the tomato <unk> is ripe and the light bounces it into its interior , and it comes back after several <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phone , you 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What did we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if you take a picture at the low exhibition , it comes in very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I 'll just get into some light .
We sent that bullet out , that little packet of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very savvy sync , we took these gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of these raw data , and we can make it very interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
What if a new power of a superhero was allowed to see from corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , you know , go into the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
And we could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left is our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy and <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly , in slightly different moments .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It has very good temporary resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances up to the door and also even the hidden objects , but we do n't know what dot corresponds to what distance .
By projecting a laser , you can record a photograph at raw , which , you see on the screen , does n't really make any sense .
But we 'll take a lot of images like this , tens of images , we 're going to gather it and we 're going to try to analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , can we see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions with what 's at the turn of the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at reflected light by open windows .
Or we could be able to build them <unk> able to see the interior of the body having <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood that 's pretty hard , so this is actually an order to scientists to start thinking about the <unk> as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of imaging in the next generation .
So , as Doc <unk> , he himself was a scientist , turned science into art , an art of photography .
And I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collect increasingly is not just scientific visualizations , but we can do it .
I create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and colored code .
And look at those waves . Remember , the time between each one of those waves is just about <unk> .
But here 's a lot of fun .
If you look at the waves under the cap , these are going away from us .
<unk> should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects , and Einstein would have loved this image .
The order that the events occur in the world is sometimes invested in the camera .
We 're going to run the corresponding plot of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's already time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can have a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , transition to <unk> and become famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting in search of change .
This is fall in 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathered in search of change , they had a cell phone cell in our pocket .
Who of the submit have a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your cell phones , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , a wow card .
It 's a lot . Almost everybody today has a mobile phone .
But today I 'm going to talk today about my cell phone , and how life changed me .
I 'm going to talk about this .
This is 35 lines of information .
Data at raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . presented a directive .
The <unk> of data <unk> .
This directive says that every single phone company , every single Internet company from all Europe , has to store a whole range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who 's sent to the text .
And if we use your mobile phone , where we are .
This whole information is stored for at least six months , and until two years , in your phone company , or his Internet provider .
And across Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retrieval of data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the telephone and the Internet providers is stored all this information about us .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , everyone said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went to the streets in Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of them even said this would be 2.0 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of Eastern Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time I use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who then was the largest telephone company in Germany , that please get me all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I came back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information , because you 're my life . ''
And so I decided to do a lawsuit , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give you this information .
At the end , it 's an agreement .
They demand the demand and they send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> tribunal failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly above brown with a CD inside .
And in the CD , there was this .
Thirty and 5,000 different lines of information .
At first I saw it and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this archive .
It was a bit skeptical : What should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I 'm at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom out , go backwards and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I go from <unk> to the <unk> , and how often I call the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That gives a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's all of us .
First of all , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they call me .
And then one calls the other , and the other one , and we ended up with this big network of communications .
You can see how people communicate with each other , what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see this all .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the form of your society , because you know who is talking to who , who you send an email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and until two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin , in 1989 , they had a mobile phone cell .
And the <unk> had known who I was in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And as a result , neither of the <unk> <unk> .
Because today state agencies , and companies want to store so much information about us as possible within and out of the web .
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value of privacy , and that 's not outmoded .
When you go home , tell your representative one that just because the companies and the state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store of you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile cell phone that shows you that they have to fight for self-determination .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but the doctor that brought me to the world .
I 'll tell my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'm going to write all the time .
Look .
It 's tiring . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
And C. C. Not genetics .
It 's not <unk> .
Nobody <unk> my mother 's uterus and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It 's just happening by accidents , like that that happened at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration source , and I do n't want any of you .
I feel bad about me , because at some point in life , you wish to be disabled .
Go for a walk .
Christmas Christmas , you 're in the mall , you 're driving in circles to search for parking lot , and what you see ?
16 empty places for disabled .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little bit disabled ? ''
And also , I 'm going to tell you , I 've got 99 problems , and you have C. C. It 's one of them .
There 's a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled , living in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from Park <unk> , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my illness had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
A lot of people with brain palsy , they do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can [ unclear ] .
If my three older sisters , I <unk> .
If my three older sisters went to the public school , my parents would go to the school system , and I was glad that I would go , and if we would n't pull out all the ultimate grade , every single one of my mother 's <unk> .
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my feet on their feet and simply walking .
Another tactic that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to get it to you .
The <unk> I 'm wearing was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in the kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion who has received many hits .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
There are now 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family , and I think no one realized we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians would think that the politicians would think , `` I hate Muslims '' as a campaign slogan .
The people I grew up with no problem with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of a hunger that he died during the <unk> .
I was told that I had enough fat to live three months without eating , so the dawn of dawn at dusk is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could not afford physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels or whatever I can walk .
I 'm from New Jersey , and we want to be <unk> , so if my friends wear heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacations on the coast of Jersey , I was not going .
I was going on my summers in a war zone , because my parents feared that if we did n't go back to Palestine all summers , we would give us on Madonna .
On summer summer , I often was trying to <unk> it , so I was drinking milk from deer , and they got me hot cups on my back , <unk> me in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water <unk> my eyes and I was like , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga was a <unk> comedian who could n't stand up [ <unk> ] .
And now I can stand in my head .
My parents made this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in soap Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a grant for the <unk> , University of the Arizona state , because I went in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> pet department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the tasks of the least smart , I got the ultimate note in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I did a scene of the crystal zoo , my teachers <unk> .
But I never got a piece of paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to do a work called dance very slow at Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` He will have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy .
Anyway ! It 's free !
Thank God all-powerful , I 'm just free .
I did n't get the paper . They gave him Brown Brown .
I went to <unk> the principal of the theater department , crying , historically , as if someone had killed my cat , to ask her why , and she told me that because they thought I could n't do the stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do these stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a paper that he literally was born and gave an actor without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a history of <unk> actors with no disabled disabled .
When I graduated , I returned home , and my first <unk> tour was sort of extra in a soap .
My dream got true .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` mate '' to `` better friend crazy '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I was there like a vase , I did n't see it more than the back of the neck , and it was obvious to me that directors of work would do n't include <unk> actors , not white , with disability .
You only get perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , and all of these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
So I made myself <unk> .
And on my first tour tour I took comic comics from New York to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comedy thing that led when he fell in the realization that he was going at high speed on the New Jersey of New Jersey with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and no veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know that you 've never heard that little unpleasant <unk> that women are not fun , and they find us very fun .
In 2003 , my brother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York City Festival in New York , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in media , and at the time I remind the <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic are not <unk> .
<unk> Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news program per wire with Keith <unk> .
I walked into a graduation dance , and I went to a studio and sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can you another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were alive .
So I held on the presenter 's desk to not go rolling off the screen during the size , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't get me .
But not only Mr. <unk> returned to me , but I was like <unk> full-time and bashed my chair .
Something fun I learned in direct with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum people .
The kids are cruel , but they would never be made out of me , or as a child , or more .
All of a sudden , my disability on the Internet became aware of fun .
I 'll see clips online with comments like , `` Why is it <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor terrorist <unk> .
What disease does it have ?
We should really pray for her . ''
A reviewer suggested to be my disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then you ca n't make somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- yeah , clapping , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
The doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
Yet , having grown with media media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive pictures , that 's less hatred of the Internet .
Or maybe not .
We may still need the whole society to teach our children well .
Now , my tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came up with the red carpet by the Spanish of Susan <unk> and the famous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
We 're going to run the world around `` Arabs have gone crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` The <unk> children , '' a charity organization to give the Palestinian refugee kids , a tiniest proportion of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me act live , and I read this talk to his memory .
<unk> .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child in a young village .
I do n't know her name , but I know her story .
He lives in a little town to the South <unk> .
This people is near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small people to poverty and on the edge of starvation .
No one for him there , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there are no opportunity , no job , no job perspectives .
He 's just living in a city tent outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year , it 's nothing .
And one day he goes on a guy who 's offering him to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , who gives a break .
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , your family .
They present a young man .
They finally home .
It starts a new life .
It has a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That child of that little town with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to the <unk> , a terrorist organization with al Qaeda .
So , how do the story of a little boy trying to fulfill his dreams in the city ends up with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for a chance , hoping to start their future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing he got .
This was the first thing that he pulled it out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And their story repeats itself in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the outcasts , young urban urban young unemployed that <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , which are looking for something beyond the <unk> period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , jobs , but the young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often youth who suffers from the highest unemployment of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people living in cities will be under 18 .
If we do n't include the young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the history of the waiting period , the door to the power of terrorism , to violence , to gangs , to be the history of 2.0 cities .
And in my hometown of birth , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't practically do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being in front of that hospital , <unk> him thinking , and if I 'd never been ?
What if I had forced me forced to be at that same `` wait period , '' ?
Would you have become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to go to a youth leaders in a corporate summit .
Let 's go to the 90 juvenile leaders of <unk> .
We sat down , and we had a brainstorming of ideas on the solutions to the great challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to <unk> University , graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because he was a graduate student , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorists organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking people like him .
But this story takes a different way .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to come from point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have destroyed completely the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and the rose .
He started a motorcycles .
She started sending out motorcycles to local residents who normally could n't buy them .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of her family and friends , and her dream is somewhere to expand hundreds of bikes for the next three years .
Why is it different from this story ?
What makes this story different ?
I think that your ability to identify and take a new opportunity .
It 's the spirit of business , and I think that the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the <unk> period .
Let 's give young people to be the creators of economic opportunity that are desperately searching .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me to train some of the young people at the pinnacle of entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in over 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were out of plastic sent from the foreigner .
If you give me somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those who grew up in the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
He started a floral <unk> company .
I created a farm outside of <unk> , and he began to grow jewelry and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And it began the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens at home , and the city companies , and now it 's working in the creation of the first public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , smell <unk> rose .
By the way , he 's not eating pink because a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , who could be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they already had innovative solutions to some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They set business solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and creating a culture of entrepreneurship is really a big step , but the young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need experience and guidance to guide them on development and put them on their business .
We were going to empower young people with the resources they need to do , <unk> the support they need to move from conception to creation , and they will create the way for urban growth .
For me , the entrepreneurial spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Her Peace Park , this is how it 's called , when he 's created , transforming the way people see their city .
She was hired to hire the streets to help rent to keep the bikes for him .
It gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the `` wait period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to become young people in entrepreneurs , educate and feeding their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks of the Peace that <unk> and the wait wait . ''
Thank you .
I went camping , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a <unk> area in upstate New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The forest <unk> .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> like a <unk> , and it 's not going to be the path we were still , we could almost pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We came to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful lake lens when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed was just a dump , about four square meters with heart of red apple balls , aluminum balls , dead wing .
And I was shocked , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought , who they thought that I was going to clean up their garbage ?
And that question remained with me , and it was a little bit <unk> .
Who clean our trash ?
No matter how to organize or where put in the `` ours , '' who cleans our trash into Istanbul ?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or in Paris or London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> <unk> our trash , which is about 11,000 tons of waste and two tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and bring that charge ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their routes and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go more .
So I began to work like garbage garbage .
Now I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I did them .
And he was operating the mechanical mechanical and bar bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They all ask about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days in which it 's very strong you get used to quickly .
It costs to get used to the weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies were continued to drop the weight of their bodies to take over their body tons of trash every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of statistical Statistics , waste waste is one of the 10 most dangerous <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming up and entering traffic all day , and drift around you .
They just want to do it , so in general the driver 's not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the trash is also full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of the garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself .
Never stop coming .
It 's also like a form of breathing or circulation .
It should always be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think strongly that waste waste are the most important workforce in the city streets , for three reasons .
It 's the first protecting of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste and effective form every day , this starts to bend from his container and its dangers inherent they threaten us in very real ways .
So disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old we do n't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when they 're in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I just point out your relationship .
And then it 's what I call our average daily speed of the daily basis .
I mean just by the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't worry about it , nor meet it , we cleaned or we took our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we drop them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that we will take for it .
So today I want to you to you a couple of ways to think about waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and turn it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in a lot of cities .
You know when you 're going to fix it .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a relief form .
The flow that keeps us safe from ourselves , of our own waste waste , our waste , and that flow should always be held in one way or another .
One day after September 11th , 2001 I heard a waste collection of waste collection on the street , grabbed my little son , and I went down stairs , and there was a man doing his journey of recycled paper recycling like he did all the Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his job that day , but I began to cry .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` Let 's be okay .
Let 's be good . ''
Shortly after that , I began to investigate the collection of waste , and I came back to that man .
It 's called <unk> , we work together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
Let 's be fine .
But in our efforts , the way we exist on this planet as we have on this planet as we have to include and have in account all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The city waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , represent three percent of the amount of waste from the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their day and their lives , the next you see somebody whose job is to clean up the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Just take a moment to tell you , thank you very much .
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life , which is part of the environment born of the environment , naturally , of local conditions and local traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects like this .
Both of these projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture .
The first example began with an invitation to design a <unk> mall in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many people in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to be able to employ a lot of energy because the skin <unk> heat into the interior , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should not happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And thirdly , what it looks like is nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia .
It 's a chance for a place that is so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I really was really hooked on the old market that is this structure of the open air where thousands of people , go and buy things all the days into little salesmen .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a building , of several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was introduced to the site , which is located in a area of a lot of growth in the city , where much of the buildings that we see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that do n't communicate in a hundred meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , uniting all the entries in the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium that creates a space in the open air in the building that was <unk> , in its own shape , of the sun and the rain .
And around this space we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that we 're going to put into the local climate conditions .
And I got to think about a tissue that 's similar to a <unk> loop to allow the air entrance , and also the light , but it evolves .
We then inspire us in these beautiful buttons on the Ethiopians of the Ethiopians of the Ethiopians .
They have fractal geometry , and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little wedding pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building .
This is <unk> with these tiny crystals of colors that use light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It was n't what we ask . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the commercial center of the mall because there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was so much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but it 's also because it was no longer needed air conditioning .
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy power for the building in a city where the electricity is cut down almost every day .
So we got a great advantage by putting up on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which together collect water for the inner ones .
It 's waiting for the next year of the year , because we go through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make such a big project , the biggest thing I designed , I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I got special attention in the <unk> , a thousand years old , so many of it was surrounded by a wall with a twelve <unk> doors connected by almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation we did was to expand the streets , creating 12 initial blocks in size and characteristics that there is in Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the interconnected doors with straight lines , and this altered the initial model .
And the last operation was to think of the cell , the small cell of the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the weather ?
And it 's standard , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore natural ventilation .
And so we had a scheme to make sure that most of the apartments are perfectly collapsing in that direction .
And this is the result that it 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then at the bottom floor , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And also responds to local norms that set up greater density at higher levels and a lower density in the plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving back to the community , occupied by building .
It 's where all the neighbors , you can go up and socialize , and do such as a <unk> race race , or jump from one building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the process of design .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see the cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives , changing communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and that they have as a target to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of crayons , nice . It was super strong for the state capitals , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I <unk> my sinister plan .
I got a while after the school out of school , I was a little late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the shoreline was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , took off my master 's book .
And then I did .
<unk> ratings from my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way , and I signed back to the book , but , to see , some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well .
So , in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all rows from <unk> and myself a row of it , just to be there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came out .
I do n't understand why I was doing well .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It was that it was all obvious .
I never discovered .
But above all , I 'm going to tell you the reason why I was bothered by this little little girl , so small , it was so good for me .
Now , my jealousy jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies have jealousy .
Also primates . <unk> birds are very likely .
We know that jealousy cause the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that followed loneliness , or long duration or sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the lab where you study the jealousy in all their possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it is exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , it would have no literature either .
Well , there would n't be paradoxical , there 's no sign .
There would no king still , still , or a thousand and a nights .
There would be no Shakespeare .
They set up the <unk> lists of high school , because we would be losing `` The Noise and <unk> , '' there is no `` Gatsby '' and `` Party '' -- we 'll lose `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
It 's not jealousy , there 's no Proust . I know it 's fashionable . I know that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , it almost has all of them .
This year has been taken 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In pursuit of lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy , and also from the ordinary competitiveness , my gosh , everything we could have , and thinking of Proust , we have the details to go to you , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile the dream .
We think about a <unk> <unk> in you , you know .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's books that Virginia <unk> said were as hard as <unk> cat .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It will be very obvious , like jealousy , who are reduced to the person , to their desire , to their impediments , are a very solid basis ?
I do n't know . I think we got very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
As storytellers and audience , we know exactly how much detail to put the knife , to peg the knife , right ?
The jealousy makes us all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give her pleasure , maybe right now . ''
And he starts to say to himself that story , and since then , he Proust says that every cool <unk> that <unk> detects in his lover , he adds to his collection of torture of torture in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , was notoriously jealous .
You know , the Proust Web would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break up with him .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
The jealousy are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to power it .
And how are the jealousy ?
The jealousy is <unk> .
The jealousy use the details .
Now , jealousy ones like the large amounts of hair and the nice little little <unk> of pencils .
The jealousy are <unk> from the photos .
That 's why there is so successful , Instagram is so successful , Proust links well the language of jealousy .
When you 're looking at it , it 's in the agony of jealousy , suddenly listening behind the doors and <unk> his lover , then advocates .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different than the interpretation of an old text or look at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy look <unk> , and they make us seem like <unk> , but at the point , they 're search for knowledge , search of the truth , a painful truth . In fact , to what Proust matters , the more painful the truth , the better .
Pain , the humiliation , the loss : these were the pathways to the media 's wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer from a range of feelings , much more profound and more vital than a wise man who might be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to find cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal ourselves .
And there 's any other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion to us , reveals us our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such remarkable intensity ?
Freud would write about it later on .
One day , Freud was visited by a very young man who was being used with the idea that his wife would be <unk> .
And Freud says that there was something weird about that man , that you did n't get away on what his wife was doing .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife was doing , not realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Did you get too much ? Or would you <unk> with a man ?
Freud says that man was becoming the <unk> of the unconscious of his wife .
The novels are very good at this .
novels describe very well how jealousy make us look through intensity but not precision .
In fact , the more we are , the harder we are , we become residents of fantasy residents .
And for this reason , I think , the jealousy take us to do violent acts .
The jealousy drive us to behave in a whole range of ways .
Now I 'm thinking , in the age of eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard about the news .
A woman from Michigan of 52 years of age was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one that sent <unk> messages , horrible to themselves , for a year .
For a year , every year .
She was trying to <unk> the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , and I have to confess that when I was , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
What huge , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange , brilliant person of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The Mr Mr. <unk> , '' books that try to how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we are in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what might be , can be done in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> is going to be <unk> or want what you 're going to take out of you and you 're going to tell you what you ever got , and it 's under the floor . You 've got it to your name , you take your rings , you take your rings , empty your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take a <unk> route .
I ca n't give you all over the world , as much as I would sometimes like .
It 's a pity , because we live in time of envy .
We live in the time of jealousy .
I mean , are we good citizens of social media , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
novels show us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters are always doing when they 're not sure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> of Baker Street and ask for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think of the <unk> in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always dreamt [ to ] [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head face of rat <unk> <unk> , who needs Giuliani 's genius , but he cares .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but it 's <unk> , and <unk> with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally , in `` The <unk> of the Six <unk> , '' once he Holmes come in , <unk> all of the way back and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he says there 's no person at <unk> <unk> who would n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times that we see ethanol transferred in the story . I think it 's very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat the jealousy as a geometry problem , no emotion .
You know , in a minute Saul is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they 're on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it be so simple ?
What if the jealousy are a geometry of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be relative to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to be <unk> from the excellence of the other .
We can fix it with her .
But I like the contingency plans .
So as long as we hope that happens , we remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only the fiction <unk> jealousy .
fiction alone , invites them to the table .
And look what happens : the <unk> sweet , the frightening Tom <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the same Proust Marcel Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo Street module and landed on the Sea of the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but their presence on the gray surface was the culmination of a collective process .
The Apollo program was the highest mobilization at the time of peace in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people , and asked about 20,000 people , and by 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
They died , including Apollo 1 .
But before the Apollo <unk> program , 24 men went to the moon .
He walked on his surface , of which Aldrin after Armstrong died in the past year , is now the oldest man .
So why did they go ?
They did n't have been brought back : 50 pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the smallness and the fragility of our common home .
Why did they go ? The cynics is that it was because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the Kennedy words at the University of Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why does it turn to our goal ?
And you might also ask , why do you scale up the highest mountain ?
Thirty-five years ago , why is it going to fly over the Atlantic ?
Why is Rice <unk> against Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West over the Cold War .
At the time , the emotion of the world was the most strong emotion to the transcendence of the technology 's powers .
It was because it was great to be able to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , the polio came out and was eliminated .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a boat with a candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo 10 crew flew by 40,000 miles .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone to the moon .
Nobody has traveled faster than the Apollo of Apollo 10 , and the optimism happy about the power of technology has evaporated to see that the technology would be solved as to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding global population seem to have a little bit of a intractable outcome .
I remember watching the Apollo 17 shot .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that it did n't look at the <unk> tube of the rocket Saturn .
I knew what this would be like to be the last `` last '' mission , but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We heard this for the last two days here , at TED .
It looks like the technologists had become distracted , and they were enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones and applications and social networks , or algorithms that speed on <unk> .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They have widened and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve great problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parish explanation in Silicon Valley , who <unk> that you 've created less ambitious companies than those of the years that we were at Intel <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the perpetrators , in particular , the incentives that the risk of risk offer entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley is that the investment investment caused the creation of ideas for the funding of incremental problems , or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly about what goes wrong with Silicon Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their point high without caring at risk , they preferred small investments , tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They have always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy , which need a huge amount of capital and whose development is in the long run . They have never invested in the development of technologies intended to solve great problems , because they do n't have a immediate mall .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was being popular , and that will never happen .
We do n't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve big problems because the political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the energy consumption of energy from solar energy sources like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas is cheaper than solar and wind and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want sources of alternatives that can compete at the price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policy and international treaties <unk> the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control price control .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an energy policy in America or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that look like technological , it 's not to be .
We know since the hunger are a result of failure in the food way .
But 30 years of research have been taught that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops , or the systems for storage and out of food , but there will be famines while there were bad governments .
Finally , big problems sometimes solving a solution , because we do n't really understand the problem .
President Nixon was declared the War on cancer in 1971 , but we soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer , some horribly resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
Students problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we must , but these four elements have been here : U.S. leaders , and the population must want to solve the problem ; institutions must be solved by the solution ; it should be really a technological problem , and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the technology capacity to solve big problems , meets with those criteria .
But it 's a model of <unk> in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no <unk> competition as in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who <unk> how hard and dangerous , and there 's not a popular mythology of science fiction like the solar system .
In general , go to the moon turned out to be simple .
I was just three days .
And really , it was n't even address any problem .
We 're alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we do n't have the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to begin to convey the pervasive ideas that you have about trust .
They are so common that they have become cliches in our society .
I think it 's three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a huge decrease in trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more trust .
And the third one is a task : we should be able to recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal , and the task has been wrong interpreted .
What I 'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a clearer idea about the subject .
First the claim , why do people think that trust has dropped ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I 'm turning to think that may have fallen into some activities or institutions , and there could be increased .
I 'm not clear .
But I can turn to the opinion polls , and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of the belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at the opinion polls over time , there 's not a lot of evidence of it .
I mean , the people who are <unk> 20 years ago , mainly journalists and political , still inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very confident about 20 years ago are still pretty reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway .
But is this evidence for enough ?
What studies have recorded are , of course , opinions .
What else can you register ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people are doing when you get certain questions .
So trust politicians ? Trust in teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Are you going to say , `` Are you going to be put in the <unk> ? ''
Did you grow in the fishermen ?
] <unk> in elementary school teachers ?
They probably would say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but no other . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust trust .
We do n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel like a certain kind of official , official or kind of person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain teacher 's primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading , but no way to drive the school school .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend of mine to keep a conversation , but not maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in the more abstract form ?
I think surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they try to do the good judgment in fact of trusting something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more trust .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the target I 'm going to do .
I would have to have more confidence in what 's trusted , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm believer to not trust what it is not reliable .
And I think those people who were going to make their savings with the very rightly called Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think about them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
To have more confidence , it 's not a smart goal in this life .
Physically , sitting on intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it 's worth , that means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about to do is do a judgment of how trustworthy people are in certain aspects .
And I think that in order to do a trial , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in the subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason for trust , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I do n't relied on them to take a letter in the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I 've got friends who are very sure that you can do certain things , but I see that you 're doing their own skills .
And I 'm glad to say that I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If I do n't realize that .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness , than trust .
So trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
In the last decades , we 've tried to build accountability accountability for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once he was talking to a <unk> and said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paperwork to attend my own . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life , and the institutional life , the accountability system that is destined to ensure trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is they make it a job of the people who have to do difficult tasks , like the midwives , they will say that `` boxes '' , as we say .
I 'm sure you all know similar examples .
All of that , for the target .
I believe that the goal should be more reliability , and that things would be different if you 're yearning to be worthy of trust , and we will tell people that we are reliable , and if we were trying to determine whether other people , officials or policy are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , the simple actions , the attitudes , the attitudes not done properly .
Third , the task .
It 's going to be given to the task to rebuild trust , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , it 's distinctive because it gives us other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You 've got to give them the foundations of enough so you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , to all people , all the time .
But you also have to add <unk> tests that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , it does the common people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a single commercial example .
The store where I bought my socks to say I can hand them with them without giving any explanations .
I take them and give it money , or they change me by the color that I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So at the end , I think what we 're aiming for is not a very hard thing to figure out .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginnings of the computers , we 've been spending work to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be done .
This separation has been shrinking , increasingly and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a glass display , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
First , I created this tool that we enter into the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to the pixels .
Designers can overcome their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs below the screen .
So with this tool break down the barriers .
But both of the hands remain still out of the screen .
How do we get inside and interact with digital information using the whole dexterity of your hands ?
In the division of Science at Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital field of work .
So I combined a transparent screen with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face , now you can raise your hands on the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and grab pixels directly with your hands .
As the windows and archives have a location in real space , <unk> is so easy to grab a shelf a shelf .
You can flip through the book and you can highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us will be bought and more things on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about .
So what I have here is a virtual game online .
This is the vision that you get from a device on the head or translucent when the system is understanding the geometry of your body .
So if we take this idea further away , I thought , rather than just seeing the pixels in space , how can we make them physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would a future look like this ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my <unk> collaborator , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space , which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere in this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was let the gravity and control the movement through a combination of levitation and <unk> mechanical and detectors .
And by programming the object , we 're releasing it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and go back to reproduce , and they stay in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and a distance from Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality , the times we want them .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and , unlike the monitors or the textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our physical activities .
As you can see , digital information is not just going to show us , but to start acting directly about ourselves as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to stop our world .
We started the talk today talking about a barrier , but if we discount that barrier , the only limit that remains is our imagination .
Thank you .
I would remind myself to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for athletes with all expenses payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After I survive the Cultural Revolution , they create firm that there was just an accurate path towards happiness : a safe job and paid work .
No matter whether I 'd like it or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start by <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the host of a radio show .
But no adults , you 'll get the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
My friends were supported by me , but they were kids , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much older to train .
My dream will never make it .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life , a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I resolved to look for another calling .
None of me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
We went to the books .
[ `` aka <unk> '' <unk> <unk> ] [ aka Me ] ] [ `` <unk> 's <unk> '' ] I came to the United States in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
Those were forbidden in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese Chinese lives .
And it 's not convenient to be convenient . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a subject for another day .
But the fifth commandment to me was an epiphany : `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better to obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> trap and to reset the relationship with my parents .
The encounter with a new culture also led to my comparative habit .
It 's a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map was like , because this is what the students in China learn .
Never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the prospect of people .
Now , comparative reading is not something new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There 's a field of research as comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if reading read it worked to investigate , why do n't we do it in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be about people [ Benjamin Franklin ] , `` John Adams '' [ `` John Adams '' ] They were involved in a same event , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
In the Buddha , they 're all psychological -- lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The trail of <unk> Tzu Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The trail of the Tao '' ] Alan <unk> ] Instead of lost in translation , he found that you can gain a lot of it .
For example , through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` happy joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened up , a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I wo n't be feeling lonely or powerless .
Having a broken dream has really not really nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that the realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Even a shattered dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books that I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So the books always will join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my 20s , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a PhD student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman called Alex .
And Alex came in the first session wearing a jeans and a visit <unk> , threw her on the couch on my office , took my shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I was so relieved .
My school roommate had a <unk> .
And I got a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex <unk> the sessions , it became easy to just move his head while I was able to fix the solution .
`` The 30s are the new twenties , '' he said , Alex , and so I saw , she was right .
You start to work after , you get home later , you have children later , until death happens later .
For clinicians , and I had a lot of time .
But soon after , my supervisor was lobbied to press Alex to talk about their loving life .
I got resisted .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming out with guys under his category , sits down with a <unk> , but it 's not like he 's to marry him . ''
And then my squad supervisor said , `` No , but maybe they get married with the next .
Also , the best time to work in Alex 's marriage is before you get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what I used to , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex being a pause in their development .
This made out of Alex being the perfect moment , and we were wasting it .
So I realized , this kind of recklessness was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not just to Alex and his <unk> life , but for racing , families and future <unk> in <unk> .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think no one comes to adulthood , not passing before for the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a 20-year-old , you take off a 20-year-old , I want to see . Incredible , real <unk> , really matter .
This is not just my view . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be spent at 35 years .
This means that eight of 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' that makes your life happen for you to have 30 and so many .
People of over 40 , not panic .
This audience is going to be well , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they gain .
We know that more than half of the Americans are married , or they 're coming out with their future partner at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up its second and the final stage of growth in its <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change itself , now is time to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times during its <unk> than in any other moment of life , and we know that female fertility hits its top to the 28 , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the moment for education on their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment to the brain .
It 's a moment where its daily and common life has a <unk> impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear with often is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes at the time of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
His journalists got ridiculous names to the <unk> <unk> and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality of what is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve great things , you need a plan , not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you get one <unk> on your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and its ambition and absolutely nothing .
And then every single day , smart smart , interesting things like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` They all say that while I start a race before 30 , everything will be good . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum , day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My quotes during the <unk> were like the game of chairs .
They were all running down , and they would go away , but then at some point around 30 , the music turned out , and they all started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one to stop , so I sometimes think I got married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little extreme , but it 's not wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge amount of pressure at the 30s , and so many of us start a career , to choose a city , choose a couple or three children , or three children in a much shorter time .
Many of these things are n't compatible , and there 's research that start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything in the '30s .
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize you ca n't have the child you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your child .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and to me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story of how it could be .
It 's a story about a woman called Emma .
By 25 , Emma came to my office because she was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said that he would like to work in art or entertainment , but they still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he lived with a boyfriend who showed more damaging .
And despite living some very difficult <unk> , his previous life had been even more difficult .
They 're often done in our sessions , but then she was getting up herself by saying , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost the time .
I 'd just bought a new book book for board , and I had spent the whole morning <unk> with her many contacts , but then he was looking at the empty space that goes on after the words `` In case we call it , please call ... ''
I was at the point of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if she gives me cancer ? ''
At that point , it was a lot of work at that time , and not to say , `` I . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that I really wanted .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was her opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit in the side of Emma was going on front of me .
So , for the next few weeks and months , I said to Emma three things that everything , man or woman , he deserves to know .
First , I told Emma that I would forget about that crisis of identity and <unk> identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that 's value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what they want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school , that company you want to test .
I 'm not leaving exploration , I 'm crossing the exploration that I should not count , that , by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma I would explore jobs , and I said to him .
Second , I told Emma that the urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you the airport , but the <unk> <unk> with friends with similar minds are limited by who you know , what they know , how they think , how they speak , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes from their closest circle .
The new things come from what they 're called <unk> <unk> friends of their friends .
Yes , half the <unk> have a bad job or do n't have a job .
But the other half no , and the weak ties are the way we put this group together .
Half of the work they created never post , then , knowing the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job , did n't get published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how the information happens .
Finally , but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as you were growing up , Emma soon <unk> her family , when you have a mate and to form their own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think the 30 is better age to sit down that 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live in now , or you 're going to tell you now when everyone on Facebook start walking towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that involves being so intentional in love as you are in the work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it work , or kill the time with whoever I choose to choose you .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in a museum of art in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That offer gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with whom he lived .
Now , five years later , it 's a special set of events in museums .
He married a man who chose consciously .
He loves her new career , he loves her new family , and I sent a letter to me to say , `` Now the emergency space space is not big enough . ''
Matthieu 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport , which come somewhere in the West .
Just before takeoff , a light fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at the same way , at the age of 21 to even the 29 , a good conversation , a good TED Talk can have huge effects on the next few years , or even in the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading all the <unk> that you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
That 's what I now have the privilege of telling them like Emma every day : The <unk> are not the new <unk> , you 'll get their old age , get identity capital , using their weak ties , choose your family .
Do n't stop what they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very <unk> job in management management for a job that was even more demanding .
I was going to teach them mathematics at seventh students in New York City in New York City .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and test .
I 'll give you tasks .
When the work comes back , they test grades .
What I called my attention was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and worst students .
Some of the ones that had better performance had no I.Q . I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest kids were not going to do well .
And that set me thinking .
The kind of thing you need to learn in math in seventh grade , secure , are difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for enough time .
After several years of teaching , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you success in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn differently and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to university to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study , my question was , who has success here and why ?
My research team , and I went to the West African Academy .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who are <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> of <unk> and we tried to predict what children are going on as far as possible in the competition .
We studied car-sharing teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods , <unk> what teachers are still teaching for the end of the year and of those who will be the most effective at improving the results of their students from their students ?
Do we partner with private companies , asking , what about these salesmen are going to maintain their job ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all these very different contexts , a feature emerged as a major predictor of success .
And it was not social intelligence .
It was not the good look , the physical health , and it was not I.Q . .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
determination is to have resistance .
Determination is embracing your future , day after day , not just a week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality .
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a career at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students to do my questionnaires , and then I waited for more than a year to see who would be <unk> .
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater more likely to graduate likelihood , even when I matched them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of the standardized tests , even the security that they felt when they were at school .
So it 's not only in West Point or in the National <unk> of <unk> in which you care about purpose , is also in school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do you develop the purpose in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a solid ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does not give you purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply do n't follow with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , long-term determination is not related , or is even related to talent measures .
Until now , the best idea I 've heard about developing the purpose of the children is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when the kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes , and grow in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to get them into the challenge , because they do n't think that 's a permanent condition .
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop purpose .
But we need more .
And that 's where my speech will end , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front of us .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need test them .
We need to measure if they have been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , to be wrong , to start all of the new things that we learned .
In other words , we need to be determined about making our kids more determined .
Thank you .
It was in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was overwhelmed by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall China .
And in the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can push down this wall , so anyone who wants to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new way of learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I began to learn how to draw each other from every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20,000 characters .
You only need a thousand to understand the basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature , enough to read signals of transit , the menus , understanding the basic idea of the pages or the newspapers .
Today , I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as it 's possible until it 's square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with their arms in both sides , as if he was screaming like , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol was actually originally in the form of flame , but I like to believe it 's the other way . It 's going to make them work .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple doors of a <unk> in the old west .
I call radical these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so they create many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old said , two are a company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , such as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's a `` idiot '' -- Easy to remember , because a tree speaker is quite an idiot .
Do you remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the lightning moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes over the horizon . <unk> .
A door . You put a board inside the door , it 's the deadbolt off the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
Did you know , played someone at home ?
This person is getting hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful is adultery .
So we 've already gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radicals will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build other 32 .
So with every small effort , they will be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same thing that you learn a Chinese eight-year-old .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the rise of the rising sun .
This is a sun in the origin , because Japan is in the east of China .
So a sun together , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two mountains stacked over the other .
In the old China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , the exile has become out .
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see .
I love sharing my favorite movies with my kids , and when my daughter was four years old , we saw King of Oz together .
The movie has mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave her a good excuse to wear a brilliant dress and bring a magic wand out .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our children in a kind of a <unk> industrial program .
Yet Dr. Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise to 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal guy , and a <unk> boy <unk> a girl dressed as the enemy of the enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a huge difference between these two movies , there are a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there is very little violence in the Oz magician .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the trees .
But I think if Doctor of Oz is done today , the magician would say , Dorothy , you are the salvation of Oz like prophecy .
You use magic shoes to defeat armies , they 're using the <unk> computer .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about Matthieu 's magician is that the most heroic , wise characters are women .
I started to notice this when I did `` Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different . ''
At that time , I also had a son .
Just three years old .
He was not invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of oversight was down , so slid in the room , and he was impressed as a mother leg with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , oh , <unk> everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be issues of courage and perseverance and loyalty ?
Would the sensation of Luke have an army to remove the government ?
So let 's contrast this with President 1939 the magician .
How did Dorothy his film win ?
We do good <unk> with everyone and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow Oz , OK , and not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there such an F capital force , force in the movies for our children , and so little the way of yellow building path ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence in the girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know the experience that Princess <unk> does n't give me the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults who are blended together , and I think that at the point of the first kiss , I really expected that the credit of the first kiss would be expected , because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is over , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies is focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave any time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior .
There are lots of exceptions , and they 're defending the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to the kids , even though they , the kids , are not really their objective public .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to fight against the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids , so real and charming like <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time is still appearing in classic after classic , each of them on the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who raised a child .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Do you remember what the criticism did when they came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these films happens by <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It has n't yet broken yet , and it spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation I 'd had with a friend of mine evaluation that they saw .
And it 's very simple . There are just three questions you need to be done : in the movie , there 's more of a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
Are these women talking to each other at some time in the movie ?
Your conversations are about something more besides the boy who so much like it ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and they talk about things .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the cinema we know and love .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good quality film , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , successful exhibition , a consensus idea of what a Hollywood film is .
Pretty much , it does n't happen .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hidden during the hostages crisis .
We have lots of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding spot , and it 's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , you come to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So let 's put it into numbers .
In 2011 , of the 100 more popular films , how many of them do you think they have actors ?
Eleven . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently to Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a greater number to disappoint this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says that it 's been sexually assaulted in his life .
I do n't think it 's the guilt of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for children have something to do with that .
I do n't think music videos or pornography are tightly linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistics , one of the things I think is there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are these guys learning ?
What ca n't they learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that the role of a male hero is to beat the villain villain of violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't talk ?
Now , are we doing that story ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we found this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to make it <unk> .
We have tools at our disposal like <unk> <unk> , and we hope that it can help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to be <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our kids to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean mainly the parents .
I think we need to show our kids a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've read about how new economy is changing the role that we care about from home and <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character from `` Star Wars , '' you know what he responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What are these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to give them their potential .
They 're leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of story for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want fewer stories to tell my son : Go and struggle only and more stories , where you saw that your job is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things I loved most was to look for seawater on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that I would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
It 's covered in sand , and it 's hard to look at them .
Yet , over time , I got used to them .
I started to see forms and patterns that helped me make it <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I would see with my own eyes was not enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown over 1.3 miles of length next to the Nile .
And my sea seawater had grown to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try and do a map of the past , I knew I had to see it otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see using infrared .
This is a place located in the eastern delta in Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and we process it using false color , suddenly the place looks like pink .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and women 's activities .
I want to share with you how we 've used data data to find an old city , called <unk> , lost , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place sits in the <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the ancient art of Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that I was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , which is the inside of the red circles here , but somewhere inside of this enormous arrangement of deluge .
This area is enormous , it 's about six miles a mile .
Before the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , it moved to this and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a city underneath in a large landscape ?
And I 'll find random chance that would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So we used NASA NASA to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile was .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here , that we thought it could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptians to be sampling , and you can see it here .
When I say to , it 's like the sample of it in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we looked for layers of human occupation .
Five meters below , below a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of <unk> objects .
This means that in this possible location , five meters below , we have a layer of occupation in several hundred years that you date back to the Middle Empire , exactly the same period we think is <unk> .
We also found out of <unk> , <unk> , quartz and cat , which shows you there was a jewelry store shop .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire 's jewelry , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that the Middle Empire is in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry workshop that proves that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still do n't find them anymore , but we 're going to go to the place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in using satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , was probably written in <unk> about 4,000 years ago .
To share knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So apparently , TED was not founded in 1984 C .
So , the ideas occurred in 1984 BC in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high time .
It certainly puts the pursuit of shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , in front of the door of <unk> .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that he 's made .
Now you 've got a group of <unk> obese group .
They are competing at a bike bike race , and they go into their front door .
I need you to look at this .
They 're <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're jumping very much .
They collide with the door of your house .
There are bicycles flying around , wheels that go through their side , the lightning rays who end up in <unk> places -- <unk> the gate threshold .
In the lobby , the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light , the light 's shining over the <unk> of the <unk> .
He 's waving with your hand .
From his chair , a brown horse .
It 's a horse that talks about .
You can feel your blue fur being able to tickle your nose .
You can smell the oats of oats , and raisins that is about to get into your mouth .
<unk> on the one side and trained his living room .
It 's already in the room , and it 's making full use of his imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
It 's with little clothes , dancing about their coffee table , singing , `` <unk> , I Baby One Time More Time . ''
Now stick to the kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow building , and from the oven come to you Dorothy , the man of <unk> , the <unk> and the Len of the `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> from the hands , jumping towards you .
Okay . You open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place every spring in New York City .
It 's called the <unk> de <unk> in the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting for , I guess , to be like the end of a <unk> to wise .
There were several men and a few different ages of ladies and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
They 're looking at the names of dozens and tens of strangers .
<unk> poems in just minutes .
He would go to see who could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I was like , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be nature of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a guy named Ed Cook who had come from England , and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed said , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who participate in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miraculous memory acts using some old techniques , invented 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that the medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How do n't you hear this before ? ''
We were standing outside the hall of competition , and Ed , who is a wonderful , brilliant English , although a bit of a crank , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how you memorize the order in a deck of cards live in live television .
I would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
I mean , do you have to start with something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
And I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential can be .
I met a bunch of really interesting people .
This is a guy called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to the worst memory in the world .
Her memory was so bad that I did n't even remember it had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Somebody incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see what our memory is to us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He 's based on the role of Dustin Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We went one evening together in the public library of Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books -- it was sparkling .
And when I went back , I read a number of treaties on written memory something over 2,000 years ago in Latin , in <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained and disciplined memory , and farmed was n't a little bit as rare as you might like it today .
A long time ago , people were investing in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
We have changed culturally , and I would say that they 've changed us , also cognitively .
As we have almost no need to remember , sometimes it seems to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a <unk> , disciplined memory , and farmed is this unique competition of memory .
It 's actually not so unique ; there 's skill like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers at London College in London invited a group of memory champions , to the lab .
They wanted to know : Does it have brains in any way , structural or different from the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
And yet , there was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of the memory champions and the subjects of control .
When they put them in an MRI MRI machine , they would take their brains as they took numbers and faces and shapes of snow , and they found that in the memory champions , they were <unk> parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used them , or they looked like , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament in competitive focus is running as an armed race in where every year has someone with a new way to remember more things , faster , and then the rest of the competitors should be put on a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of cards that he 's about to try to memorize it in an hour , using a technique that he invented , and he just he invented .
He used a similar technique to memorize this precise binary digits .
<unk> . Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions , all the techniques used at the end , you get down to a single concept that psychologists call `` <unk> coding . ''
This is illustrates with a <unk> paradox like the paradox `` <unk> . ''
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember , there 's a `` <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ago ? ''
`` You remember what it was ? ''
The person who told her name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person he told her work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different memory capacity -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name Baker , it does n't really mean anything for you .
All the other memories dance for their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the bakers .
They use white hats .
They have flour in your hands .
They 're doing good when they come home to work .
I probably know some baker .
And when you get that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> at some time back .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data on the Ancient Greece in Ancient Greece .
It 's called the `` palace palazzo . ''
The story goes like this : There was a poet called <unk> I went to a potluck .
They had hired as an entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you did n't get to a DJ , he would hire a poet .
He stood up , he took his memory poem , and left , and as soon as it was , the NYU hall was collapsed .
And by killing everybody .
But not only killed everyone , but he shattered the bodies , and they went down .
No one could say who was there , no one could remember where they were sitting .
And so you could n't afford the <unk> .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed my eyes and realized that with his mind , he could see where he had been sitting every guest .
I took the family 's family <unk> where their loved ones were in the rubble .
What <unk> captured at that moment is something that we all know more or intuitively intuitively , and it 's no matter if we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for our colleagues , we have a visual memory and spatial memory .
If I told you that the first 10 words of the story I 've just told you about <unk> , you 're very likely to find it very hard to do that .
But I would bet that if you told you to say who was sitting on the horse <unk> in your lobby , they would be able to <unk> it .
The idea of the memory of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , funny , funny image , <unk> and <unk> it is .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , the first treaties of memory in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to make it memory , in the same way that it would have been Cicero if they were invited to <unk> .
What you might do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And you come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous , crazy , unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing that you want to mention is that <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> up on Nelson Ed .
And that 's what you 'll remember you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count .
And then they come in in the kitchen , and the fourth topic they would talk to would be that strange journey that you did for a whole year , and you have some friends to help you remember it .
So it 's like speakers 's speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which is going to confuse you , typical for typical .
In fact the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people were thinking about the oratory and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` first '' would be like the first place in his memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I packed it into that .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something long about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an pathologically boring event .
So seriously , it 's just like seeing a lot of people sitting at a lot of tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when you get the front lines .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in these people 's minds , but I have no access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to fit myself .
So I started spending 15 minutes every morning , before I sit in the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook .
And I discovered this was fun .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What it is really about doing is getting better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , comic pictures , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked pretty on this .
This is me , using my standard training team for the memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security glasses covered with tape leaving just two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before , and I had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this might serve for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course , it 's nice to be able to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they 're based on fairly basic principles about how the brain works .
And it does n't need to be built to build the memory or memorize the cards , to benefit from a little bit of insights about how its mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
It 's when we focus deeply .
The palace -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
It 's kind of a deep processing , a kind of really complete processing that most of you are not lying around .
But the reality is there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things are memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , that 's what I 'm going to do , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose from what 's already our short existence of whether or on existing Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who 's walking on our side . Will we be so <unk> that we do n't even care about it ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person that remembers remember .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so it 's just a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from Jersey , I was six years old , and I lived there at my parents ' house , in a village called <unk> , and this was my kid 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And in between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there you were all going to spend the time looking at TV , so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody looked at me , and every time I got bored , and I 'd come back in a towel , everyone would see me .
And I was like that .
It was awkward , insecure , and hated it .
He hated that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's the architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , or from areas , but of those gut connections , emotional connections that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we feel like that , because according to the EPA Environmental Protection Agency spend 90 percent of their time under the roof .
So , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
The architecture is determines in ways that we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little naive , very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it raises about : they think of power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it by based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we built our buildings .
It 's an emotional emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these <unk> stable , solid , front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build . <unk> and governments are always afraid of innovation , and they want to use ways they know that they 're going to work .
That 's why we find buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the Public Library of <unk> that was finished in 2004 , and , you know , it 's got a dome -- it has this round thing , columns , red brick , that you leave <unk> what <unk> tries to communicate with this building : children , ownership values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , to the other side of the country , was finished another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how the media is in the digital era .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and sharing .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side , it 's innovation ; the architects constantly drive new technologies , new stakes , new solutions for today 's life .
We 'll give you some of us and we 'll give them so much , that we move away from people .
Everybody in black , this is a lot of us . You think we feel very good , but we 're dead in the inside because we have no choice .
We need to go to the other side and come back to connect with those symbols .
So we do it , and we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , so we start to experiment again ; we 're going to swing the pendulum back back , and over and over and over and over the last 300 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about the concrete .
You can guess .
Small <unk> , on scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we start to incorporate those symbols .
Let 's get the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those ways that we know that we like and <unk> .
<unk> neon and we add cake and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't take any <unk> .
We take cabinets <unk> , and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be copyright medieval housing .
The shapes will be killed , they won and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Terrorists grew up to the size of buildings .
insane .
But they were the '80s , that was great .
We all spend time in commercial centers , we moved into the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
Possibly with endless bread sticks .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we recreated memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we start to swing the pendulum back in the other direction .
In the '80s , in the early '90s , we started to experiment with the so-called <unk> .
It 's the historical symbols , we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we find ourselves with new compositions -- a few ways that we 're attached to other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you have totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , of Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics and general , completely agreed on a building .
The New York Times <unk> this miracle construction .
The tourism tourism cuts in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : L.A. , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical , how can you become ubiquitous in the world ?
And it happened , because the media is going around them , and we quickly learned that these shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same thing made the major mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon at the beginning of the new millennium with other star architects .
It happened to stabilize and an Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the millennium of the new millennium , actually began to go through architecture , digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how do we eat architecture .
A thousand years ago , you 'd have to have walked up to the next town to see a building .
So transport is speeding up : they can take a ship , a plane , can be tourists .
Technology speeds up . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we are all photographers , and the building is transported beyond their physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture is moving so fast .
It 's not very accurate to think about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before we know if the one I designed four years ago was successful or not .
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we find buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a two-year-old movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this , because we did n't have any idea how much <unk> them .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the biggest revolution in architecture , from the invention of concrete , steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to the media , it starts to swing getting faster and faster , until we 're going to be at both <unk> extremes , and it would effectively make the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
We can now make almost instant symbols , with emotional charge , of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were bound to replace this building that was caught up .
This is the center of a village called <unk> on Fire Island , in the state of New York .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building would be completed , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly the right product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community , that first summer , when people began to come and shared it in social media , the building stopped being a building , became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , they 're the images that you did the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes you <unk> with collective memory , and by bringing these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building is built today , first we go to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experiment , innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that can lead to the mayor of <unk> , to <unk> people , and tell them that there are no unique response to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experiment .
Everything is different now .
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use complicated words and complicated drawings , and you 're no longer a hapless audience that does n't accept anything that I have n't seen before .
Architects can listen , and you do n't stop to intimidate the architecture .
That means that the pendulum is that the pendulum from one style to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from buildings today .
This means that a public space in ancient city can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical imitation of brick brick based on ideas of what it should be a stadium .
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings , because we 'll finally be ready for ways that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings are <unk> to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve for sports or for yoga , or even you can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can be dreaming of swimming on the East River in New York , and raising half a million dollars of the community together around that cause , no longer one customer .
It means that any building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , so bully and <unk> like the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects know how to make more green , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
And finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings are not just reflecting our society , but they give it to the smaller spaces : the local libraries , the homes we formed to our kids , and the bedroom step in the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned out a year and he already started walking .
And it does that kind of cool , typical of a year , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for her legs .
It 's totally beautiful .
And one of the things that we like to do is look at it in the mirror .
She really loves her reflection .
He laughs and <unk> , and it gives itself these big kisses and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all his friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And he made me think : When did I do this ?
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 and lives in Denver .
And as a teenager , she just wants to be loved and she will fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's a little confused because , although his mom says all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , somebody says it 's ugly .
You know what her mom says , and what his friends , or school partners say , does n't know who believe .
So a video of it itself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he says to others that please leave a comment : `` Am I nice or I am I ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so unpleasant , and it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talked about a healthy , normal , ordinary teenager who receives these responses to one of the most emotionally vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate like this .
But what is it bringing them to do this ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure to be online and available all the time , talking , `` <unk> , '' by talking , `` sharing , '' by talking , publishing this is never over .
We 've never been so connected before , in a continuous way , so young enough .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like a party in your bedroom every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that go from their hand with that are relentless .
This environment , of being connected , is <unk> to our children , based on the number of `` I liking '' that they have and the kinds of comments they get .
There 's no division between a online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what 's real or what it is not .
And it 's also very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What 's the most prominent in someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from the girls ' news now .
<unk> <unk> continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like , # <unk> , # <unk> and # <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> it , it means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what you compare young people .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the superheroes of superheroes , and the singers who are superheroes .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , we certainly want our kids to grow healthy and are very good individuals .
But in a <unk> culture , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other aspects begin to suffer .
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they do n't look pretty enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They 're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as payers to society and the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments -- they 're going to participate in the classroom , because they do n't want to get attention to their physical appearance .
One in five are not attending classes at all over the day when they do n't feel comfortable with it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you look at good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a lower note on the average of your fellow who do n't look like it .
And this phenomenon has become widespread in Finland , United States and China .
And it turns out regardless of what actually weigh these young people .
So , to make it clear , we 're talking about how you see you , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on your body is an academic performance .
And it 's also health care .
Kids with low self-esteem do do less physical activity , they eat less fruit and vegetables , participate in more healthy diets that can take them into a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily <unk> by the people around them and they 're at greater risk of depression .
And we think it 's all about this for what they make more risky decisions , like the consumption of alcohol and drugs , dramatic diets , static surgery , sexual relationships to early ages and no protection and <unk> damage .
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing into the health care system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling .
Women believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have higher rates of absenteeism .
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in one day where they do n't feel secure with the way they look .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would be that opportunity ?
It 's the potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to instill in your own body .
We need to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of the perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs , not realizing , make the situation better .
So we need to make sure that the program we follow our children will not only have a positive impact , but also a durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas : the first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six things are critical points for anyone willing to provide a education in body self-esteem work .
An education is fundamental , but tackling this problem requires each of us to take the driver 's seat in the issue and be a better model for women and girls in our own lives .
challenging the current status of the way women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell the input of our politicians in slices of hair , or the size of their breasts , or if we figured out , or the success of a <unk> athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judge people who are , not as they look .
All of us can start doing that by taking responsibility for the kind of images and feedback that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we need to work together as communities , as governments and as businesses , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow to valuing their own individual , to be valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We need to put people who are actually making the difference on a pedestal .
So a difference in the real world , let 's make them the ones that go out on the big screen because we just will create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think you can never see the <unk> of being who they are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who 's in mind ?
Your wife ?
Her sister ?
Her daughter ?
Your niece ? Her friend ?
It could be simply the woman who is two seats away . What would it mean for her if she was released from that voice to be released from that voice , which haunts you , that he does n't have long legs , you feel more skinny , a more flat belly , feet smaller ?
What would it mean for her if we were looking at this and we would call her potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images are holding us to everyone .
But let 's give our kids the truth .
You know that the way you see it is just one part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do , and as we make us feel .
They bring the self-esteem on the rsums of our schools .
Let 's change each of us , the way we talk about and compare to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small people who are in the age of today , become a <unk> agents of themselves tomorrow .
So let 's do it .
On five in November 1990 , a guy named <unk> <unk> entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Rabbi <unk> , the leader of the League of Defense <unk> <unk> .
<unk> initially was the innocent , but being in jail for other minor charges , in a company of others , started planning attacks to about 12 cones in New York , including tunnels , synagogues and the United Nations headquarters .
Fortunately , those plans would be taken by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the <unk> of 1993 at the World Trade Center , he could n't be able to avoid it .
And then he was later late for his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> mother teacher , in the two of them who did everything possible to give me happy childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family began to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , that very few , even most Muslims , even most Muslims get to meet .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , they do n't need a lot to want to want the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all of the human group , there 's always a tiny fraction of people who are so <unk> to their convictions that thinks we need to use all possible means that they all lived in like them .
A few months before he arrest him , he sat down with me and explained that in the last weekends , he and some friends , they had been going to bank training on Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We arrived at the <unk> of <unk> , which , without knowing our group , was sort of driven by the FBI .
When I got thrown out , my father helped me hold the rifle on my shoulder and explained how to aim for about 30 feet .
And that day , with the last bullet that he shot , I gave the little orange light on the target , and to the surprise of all , especially mine , the whole target broke .
My uncle turned to the other and in Arabic , he said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a child .
All of us , the comment made a lot of laughter , but only a few years later , I understood what they were so funny .
They saw myself , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be condemned to put a <unk> <unk> with 700 pounds of explosives in the north tower of the World Trade Center , causing a blast that killed six people and injured other 1,000 .
I admired those men .
I called them `` <unk> , '' which means to .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability in my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to someone , it was time of packing and go to another city .
As I was always the new face of the class often was a <unk> victim .
<unk> secret my identity to avoid being the white , but it will be the new class , quiet and skiing , it was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I was going on at home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to say it gently . It was not prepared for <unk> , was not prepared for the real world .
I was raised by opera judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they had to test my thinking was for the presidential elections in 2000 .
In a <unk> program that I entered at the National National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was <unk> in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> , almost my life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship , was Jewish .
It took several days to come out of the light this detail , and I realized there was nowhere between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I felt very proud to have to beat the barrier that all of life had made me believe it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came out when I got a summer job at Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures , that experience was critical in the development of my character .
All of life had been taught me that the <unk> was a sin , and , by extension , all gay people were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that many of them were the kinder , and less critical that I 'd seen in life .
Growing up with a child , I developed an sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat people kind , exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated .
And so , I was able to contrast the stereotypes that they had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that is about being homosexual , but I know what is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart asked me to be intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I was helping me see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , have nothing to do with the character .
In many ways , he became my purely immune shape at a moment that I was desperately aware of .
Occasionally , inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life that my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how my thinking was changing , and she told me something that I 'm keeping in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough , and he said , `` I 'm tired of <unk> . ''
At that point , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
I changed it when my family decided to break my relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why did I decided to go out and put in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done that because I hope that someone , one day , who 's going to be treated to violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , that even though I was attached to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get to me a single one .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice .
I do that by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to speak , against those meaningless acts , as rejection 's actions .
With this simplicity here as a proof that violence is not inherently religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much . Thank you very much .
Right now there is a film that 's projected in your mind .
It 's an amazing film film .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> images of what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has scent , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as a moments of your childhood moments , you project to your eyes .
And it has constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious thinking .
The movie 's heart is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths in the human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that we know more directly .
At least , I know I have a conscience .
I have no certainty that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are we not just robots that we need to produce outcomes without experiencing the inner film ?
Right now , no one knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible a science of consciousness .
Science , for nature , is objective .
Consciousness , for nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost the entire 20th century , you 'll get that vision .
psychology is objectively serendipity , the neuroscience was studying the objectively brain , but never no one mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After 20 years , everything started to change .
I was going to call it as Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` right now is the time for science to raise consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that I introduced Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand better , for example , the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain it by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness : questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are easy problems .
I did n't offend neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , do n't address the real central mystery of this matter : Why is it all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there an subjective internal movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the traffic jams , like hurricanes , like life , and let 's find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all cases of emergent behaviors , how they operate the traffic jams , how the hurricanes work , how they breed , they adapt and metabolizing , and metabolizing , all the living organisms . They 're all questions about how they work .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and function of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we 're talking , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a <unk> <unk> .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> working . For a long time , I would beat my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work .
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to lie at this point .
We have a chain of wonderful explanations , great . We get used to this ; the physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains biology , biology explains a part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to seat that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is sort of an anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our worldview , but we do n't know yet .
With an anomaly , like this , you can need radical ideas , and I think we need ideas that initially look crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who is here today , has one .
Its crazy idea is that there is no such problem as hard as consciousness .
The whole idea of the subjective subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do is explain the objective functions , the brain behaviors , and that 's how everything needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of consciousness from purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to the denial that consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
Over time , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
Physical sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks , space , time and mass .
It will be fundamental laws that govern them , like gravity laws or quantum mechanics .
These laws and the fundamental properties are n't explain in terms of anything more basic .
Instead , they 're very fundamental to it , and there 's the world built .
Sometimes , the list of the fundamental <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's discovered that you ca n't explain electric phenomena in terms of fundamental principles , space , time , dough , Newton , and then applied the basic laws of electromagnet , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation that we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental , fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , so by logic , you 've got to do so much the list .
The most natural thing would be to address the consciousness as something fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden it 's not the object of science .
It opens up the path to manage scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
Physical sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we could contain them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like that .
We want to find the fundamental laws that we could afford it on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called `` Pan '' -- `` Pan '' by everybody , <unk> , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes in Rob Knight , the microbes that Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of heartbreak when he thinks , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , no .
But the thought is that maybe photons can have any crude feeling element , subjective , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How would anyone think such a crazy thing ?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is something fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it is natural to assume that it can also be universal , just as others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea is <unk> , it 's much less for the people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more continuous with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that will reflect the thought with the physical process , is <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there is information processing , there are consciousness .
They 've got complex <unk> , like a human being , a complex consciousness .
Digital data , simple consciousness .
Something really exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , a neuroscientist <unk> , took this kind of theory , and developed it with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information that 's called <unk> , which measures the degree of integrated information in a system .
And they 're not supposed to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is one degree of information integration , just quite significant , a fairly important degree of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> declines .
The level of integration is smaller , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of <unk> .
It actually brings up a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world .
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but it does n't tell us about the reality underlying it .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where does the fire of equations come out ? ''
From vision to address the equations of physics can be left as they are , but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire in equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found out of the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , vision vision , has the potential to ensure our relationship with nature , and it can have social and ethical consequences .
Some of them can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that I had consciousness , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you embrace that vision , you 'll have a lot of hunger .
I think that by thinking about this , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and yourself , it 's not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and its complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system , what about Samantha 's artificial intelligence system ?
Is it conscious ?
According to <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are some pretty serious ethical problems about the ethic of intelligent computers development , and the ethics ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the consciousness of whole collective collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or a more local level , an integrated group , as the audience at a TED Talk , right now , we have a collective consciousness , an internal film for this whole TED group , different from the internal movies in each of the parts of each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least is a question you must take seriously .
So this <unk> view is a radical view , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually safer from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is something fundamental , than the second one is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going on the right path towards a serious consciousness theory .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we 'll finally figure it out .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I 'm stuck with my friends , and I was stuck with my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came to me to my parents because I wanted to be <unk> for a community award .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's a obvious problem .
She actually has n't done anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile in my mother 's <unk> , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series , `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did n't do anything that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered to be a chance if we take disability outside of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching in Melbourne in Melbourne , so only after about 20 minutes in the classroom 11 minutes , a guy at 11 minutes <unk> his hand and said , `` Hey , when will your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What do speech ? ''
Well , I had been talking about the law of defamation for good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , you know , your <unk> speech .
When people in the wheelchair , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the hall of acts . ''
And it was then when I realized : This kid had had experiences with disabled people like inspiration objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the boy , that is , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We are not real people . We are there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage , you know what I do in this wheelchair , and probably you 're waiting for you to inspire you . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid to make a lot of fun .
I 'm not here to fix them .
I 'm here to tell you that they have lied to disability .
Yes , you have been sold to the lie that disability is a little bad , a capital , an M capital .
It 's a bad thing to live with a disability , makes it remarkable .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make it exceptional .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this through social media media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before I left , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , from the child without a <unk> pen in the mouth .
You may have seen a child running with <unk> legs of carbon .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use this deliberately porn term , because we 're going to bring a group of people to the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , <unk> the disabled at the benefit of people without disability .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , motivate them , so we can see them and think , `` Well , so bad for my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the number of times the number of times I 've tackled me that I 'm courageous or a source of inspiration , and this would happen before my work had a public profile .
It was like I 'm going to get myself out in the morning and remember my own name , and this is <unk> .
These images , those images are conducive to people with disabilities in profit with no disability .
You 're there for you to look at them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard .
Let 's take some things .
But the things we spend are not the things that you might think .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I was approached by called the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with him .
The things I need to do , and I 've learned how to take the best of your capacity as well as you do , and that 's what happens to the kids of those pictures too .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're simply using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So , is it really fair to do in the way we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say to us , `` You 're a source of inspiration , '' it tells you as a compliment .
And I know why .
It 's because of the lie , because it has been sold to this lie that disability makes us extraordinary .
And honestly , it does n't do it .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , <unk> , are you not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
Now , I 'm a gathering of other people with disability .
Yet I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I 'm learning that this is a great idea to use a <unk> thread to collect the things that fall out . Now , I 'm using the ingenious trick of how to load the battery on the battery of the chair .
Great .
We learn about the strength and the resilience of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that the lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lies is that it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in front of a pitch has n't never never become a ramp .
Never . <unk> to a television screen wo n't make the subtitles for deaf people .
Nor do a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore , and it was a positive attitude to convert all these books to a braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have such low expectations of people with disabilities that are <unk> to stand up in bed and remembering our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where I value the genuine achievement of people with disability , and I want to live in a world where a child from 11 grade in Melbourne is not a bit surprised that his new teacher is a <unk> user user .
Disability does not make us remarkable , but question what you think about it is that it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a <unk> swallow ?
Unfortunately , today , I 'll just answer one of those questions , so , please do n't catch up .
When people think about augmented reality , they think of `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know it , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step is what I wear : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you might not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see .
They will let them experience what is a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I tried to fix them .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and knowing what 's going to run through the <unk> field at 160 miles an hour , the blood beating the ears .
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds , <unk> , trying to do it with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's not nice .
And I 'm going to take some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass under the helmet , and give them an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not images of NFL practices , because the idea of the NFL technology NFL is a sub up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's see a video .
Chris <unk> : Go .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
Wait a moment . <unk> a little bit .
Are you ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what is to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have realized that we lack people , the rest of the equipment .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
Audience member : Mice 54 ! Mice 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 . Go !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the feeling of being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
You want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a field of field .
Or a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get into it , and how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called `` Rift Rift , which surely many you know . ''
The Rift Rift has been described as the <unk> virtual reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap enough .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to play ! No !
Oh , my gosh ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a roller coaster to do for his life .
What 's going to be a fan of a fan when you put up a video of Adrian <unk> crossing the line , <unk> <unk> with the arm before you run and make a notation ?
When could you be able to run up on the court , throw the ball at the bottom of the network , or do you get a Wimbledon at Wimbledon ?
What is your experience when it goes from a mountain to more than 100 miles an hour like a Olympic skier ?
Maybe it 's going to be made of the infancy of diapers for adults .
But this is not even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get augmented reality , <unk> ?
Do you realize augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our equipment ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a brief refresher on the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> to their field of field to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the hull of the <unk> field and after the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see their next hand , you 're shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight they 're wearing . You wo n't have to worry about forgetting a game .
You 're going to memorize the strategy .
You just go out into the countryside and they react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate losing games .
If you lose games , you 're going to join you like a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a new strategies of strategies that 's better .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game .
How would you be ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down .
You also get information from the headset sensors and <unk> , something that is already working .
And all of that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad ones have information overload .
This is going to take good teams of bad equipment .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis to stop being nerds .
I 'll be also for sportsmen . Who would have imagined ?
What would it be like in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the field of fields .
I put the ball and <unk> it .
They put it up to an open receiver , all of a sudden , a flashlight on the left-hand side of your bombsight , you 'll tell you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> .
Let 's go to the area of protection .
Another flashlight would tell you that there 's an open receiver .
Turn it out of the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , but the receiver sees it in its bombsight an area of grass that lights up and can change the race .
And he 's approaching , he grabs the ball , he runs and puts it .
The public is crazy and the fans have followed the move from each angle .
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the party .
I 'm going to make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
You want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too cost-effective to not be .
But what I ask you is : do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to encourage empathy between human beings , to show someone what it is , literally , to be in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for sneakers .
It generates billions of revenues a year .
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful are their actions from the victim 's perspective ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world , how do you live ?
How much is it going to be like , too much for an Hadfield phone , or a Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , reality augmented reality .
The questions we make , the decisions we take and the challenges we face , they depend on , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retired after 23 years of service in the <unk> <unk> of California .
Now , most of those 23 years , the country would include the southern tip of the <unk> County , including the Golden Gate bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , known as a world for its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , who was trying to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is almost to test of suicide .
suicide from the bridge is no practical or practical or probable . ''
But from its openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some people believe that travel between the two towers , this bridge has become like such , so that each of it releases you from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free of four to five seconds , the body hits about 120 miles an hour .
The impact is broken down the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most people die in impact .
The ones that do n't , normally it will be hollowed out in helpless water and then they suffocate .
I do n't think what you 're going to do is you know that you 're going to be able to realize the death method that they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge .
Here 's where most people are going to take away from life .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in the darker moment , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to a officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that day in bring it back over the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
We 're going to go to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a <unk> service for those who surveyed suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , senior officials and psychologists train the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him July 22 last year when they get a call from a suicide bomber sitting near the cords near the center .
<unk> , and when I came up , I looked at Jason talking to a journeyman of the Golden Gate bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old , and she had flown out there from New Jersey .
In fact , they had flown over here twice before New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and he sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could be more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
She was out of pests , sorrows , and all kinds of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason said , `` What happens if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
He stopped a few points , leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind of smart guy in New Jersey had just taken out of life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how it was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
Government damage affect a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone beloved out suicide ?
What would you say ?
What do you say ?
In my experience , you do n't only have to talk , but you need to listen .
Listening to understanding .
You do n't know , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point you need .
If you think somebody 's a suicide bomber , you do n't have a scary fear and ask the question .
One way of asking you the question is , `` Other people in similar circumstances have thought about ending your life ; have you had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front of them can save the life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs looking for : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to get better ; they 're going to believe there 's nothing you can do about it , recent social isolation , and a lost of the interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on 19th of January , this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with his permission and blessing that I read .
`` Hi , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends and tell your friends , and so on .
I 'm still pretty numb , but noticing it more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see the match of 49 degrees at the 19th of January .
He never got there .
I called the police police police , and what has been disappeared , that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and told me that the Mike 's car was below the bridge .
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who may be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before bad , without suffering a real mental illness ?
It should not be that easy to stop with it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> .
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge , and go to the path that his son took that day , and also the courage to go forward .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man who I 'm talking about with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call by a <unk> subject in the sidewalk near the north tower .
<unk> my two-wheeler on the sidewalk and looked at this guy , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , I cross immediately the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the hour and a half hour , I heard as Kevin talked about their depression and hopelessness .
Kevin decided for her that day to go back on that lane and give life another opportunity .
When Kevin came back , it 's <unk> .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked her , `` What did it make back and gave hope and give life a chance ? ''
And you know what he said ?
He said , `` You 've heard me .
I stopped talking and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to <unk> it .
`` Dear Sir <unk> , I did n't erase the events from March 11 , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin goes with us .
I honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness that has been properly <unk> .
She took Kevin when I was only six months old , completely unconscious from all those traits , but thank God , we now know it .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We give God for you .
I 'm honest with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end of it , she writes out , `` <unk> . When I visited San Francisco 's Hospital that night , you 're going to kill myself as the patient .
`` Wow , I did have to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and active member of society .
It talks about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've found at work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , theft .
This is what suicide does .
For most people suicide , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think about hurt another person .
They just want their pain to end .
For the general , this is achieved only in three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or alcohol .
In my career , I 've been responded and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents I 've been directly involved in , I 've just lost two , but those two are too .
One was Jason .
The other was a man who told him about an hour ago .
For that time , I got my hand in three occasions .
At the end drops , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped in .
Awful , absolutely awful .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people we get to contact with that bridge do n't commit suicide .
In addition , those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and they can talk about it , that one and two percent , most of those people have said that the second thing that they leave the railing realized that they had made a mistake , and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or a bridge that we do , is something that each and every one of us must be able to work .
suicide is able to prevent .
There is help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your inside you know what you are , and a question is a question : How did you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had since a child .
My outside , finally , with my inner truth , with me inside .
For reasons , that 's why I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , you did n't get it up , you got it .
But last October , I discovered that , barely , I 'm starting .
We 're all <unk> our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of being free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin of the skin or the beliefs about those around us .
These are people who always defy the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my smile , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I recorded myself as `` kid '' as a child because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I 'd always wear this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom would ask me , `` Why are you always wearing that t-shirt in my head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to do it .
The gender has always been considered a unchanging fact , but now we know that , really , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'm never going to tell you to share my story , not because I thought to be what I 'm bad , but how the world tries those of us who want to be free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have Mom , my dad and a family who would take me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist god of compassion .
There 's a Hindu god , a goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember this beautiful woman showed up in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I wanted to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when he was still wearing a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the director of a transgender beauty competition .
And she said , `` Why have n't you been involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she was taken over the fees and the costumes , and that night , I won in a bathroom , won in <unk> and stood on a third of 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was within the world of beauty <unk> .
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was queen of beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the six-year-old goddess especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom had moved to San Francisco , he called me and told me that passed my green card for me , I could go to live to the United States .
I was resisted .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know , if you would leave the U.S. , you can change your name and the gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested that I put two `` and '' by my name .
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand in Thailand .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand , they do the most rural , sophisticated , safe surgeries .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary to have surgery before they changed the name and gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and `` F . ''
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink , but to me was the license to live , to feel dignified .
Suddenly , my fears became <unk> .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who underwent his truth , but he <unk> it , he turned his life to life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that you live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
Every 20 of November we make a global vigil by the <unk> Day .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who are <unk> and stood in front of injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson , and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , not fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day there are no more <unk> than 20 from November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
You will .
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . KT Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first of all , thank you with all my blessings .
To my support network , my parents especially , to my family , which is very strong .
I remember all the time I 've been to <unk> women , who I 've been looking at , and sometimes , when they called me and told me that their parents could n't embrace it . I would take the phone , I called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , other people do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's at the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes that 's not a block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to do it , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
I should have understood .
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal and tribal societies , the parents usually know you for their kids , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for her daughter and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started their campaign for education defending his rights in 2007 , and when he was given his efforts in 2011 , when he gave the National School of peace , it became very famous , a very popular girl in her country .
Before that , it was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the history of humanity , the history of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in the patriarchal societies , just from the beginning , when at birth , a child , their birth is not celebrated .
It 's not welcome , not by his father , not for her mother .
The neighborhood comes in , gives your mother to the mother , and no one would give the father .
And a mother is also abused by having a girl .
When he gives birth to the first girl , the first daughter , it gets sad .
When she gives birth to the second daughter , they were <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , she feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter , the newly born daughter , when it grows , suffers .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , they left home and the school admits of your siblings .
Up until the age of 12 , it somehow has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and you can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when it comes in the adolescence , when he 's 13 years old , it gives you a chance to come out of his house without a male driver .
It 's confined to the four walls of his house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and her brothers and her family and her family code , and if you were able to kill the code of that honor , I could even kill it .
And it 's interesting that this of honor code , not only does it affect the life of a girl , it also affects the life of male male members .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and the happiness of her sisters in the name of honor of course .
And there 's one rule more than the patriarchal societies called compliance .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be quiet and that accepts the decisions of his father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if you do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or marry an old man , he has to embrace it , because he does n't want to be <unk> .
If you get married very young , you have to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` marry , <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same awareness lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children .
And this vicious cycle goes on and goes on .
I had a sisters and sisters , when <unk> was born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked their eyes , believe me , I felt extremely honored .
And long before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated with a legendary capitalist of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> de <unk> , and I called my daughter like that .
But when I looked , everyone was men , and I grabbed my pen , and I took a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when I was four and a half and a half years old , I was in my school .
You might be wondering , why should I mention my child entrance in a school ?
Yes , I must mention that .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in the patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , it 's a great event for the life of a child .
<unk> in a school means recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore its potential for its future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I was able to brush up the Canadian form , and I was in the relative part to the family , I could n't remember the family family family .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason for my daughter .
What my father could n't give my sisters or his daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
He 's going to sit with me when my friends came to see me .
He encouraged me to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've been trying to do it in their personality .
And this was not just for her , just for me .
I 've run all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used the education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , I taught students , to forget the lesson of the obedience .
I taught the students to forget the lesson from the so-called <unk> .
I had a sisters and sisters , fighting for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we find a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights and in particular for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all the political and economic activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
girls are banned to go to school .
women were forced to use the veil and stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the <unk> girls and the singers killed .
<unk> million , but a few talked , and it was terrifying to have those people who kill and <unk> when you 're talking about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , he got up and got up by the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , he was offered her for the New York Times documentaries , and I spoke on every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's going to be written as a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason why the Taliban could n't tolerate his campaign and October 9 , 2012 , he was shot in his head .
It was one day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a great black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death and whispered to my ear , `` I should blame me for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And <unk> said to me , `` Please , you wo n't tell you .
Let 's get the cause just cause .
Your life is playing in play by the cause of the truth , because of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and they got together .
They were both on the right path , and God will protect it . ''
These few words were going to be a lot for me , and I did n't ask again .
When I was born in the hospital , he had severe pain and strong headaches , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was attached to my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm okay with my smile , you know , with my face .
I 'm going to be fine . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we got a bit of comfort .
I had learned from her and sisters , we 've learned from her to how to resist the most difficult moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women 's rights , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
He 's crying when he did n't go .
I 'm fighting with his brothers , and I 'm very happy about it .
People ask me , `` What 's special in my mentoring that has made so bold to <unk> , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I 'm like , do n't ask me what I did .
You know what I did n't do .
I did n't cut his wings and that 's it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was operated on the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that recently I 've joined the <unk> group , where I 've had a <unk> to my office -- the Google Google visualization of Google , but all the work I 'm going to talk about today about science of the brain , I did before I join Google or out of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
Are you still just like smart or not ?
If you wo n't , you might be able to become smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was not gray matter , but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide what quantity to take , more than a dozen chemicals every day , because if I would n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals , and try to get to get a hold of life .
More than I 've ever saved myself .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided that I would do to try and get the <unk> dose , because there really is n't there a clear map I 'll say to it .
I started trying to try and mix them together , and I was shocked by looking at how small changes in the dose changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried a dose and a typical chemist for a man of 20 , and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed .
I was always raging , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person around the world , and ... -- of course , many times in the past I 've met a lot of guys like this , or maybe some versions of it .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , a little insecure , fixing a problem that I had in front of it , and just did n't happen like this .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through . I 've got better with men .
And what I was trying to do , if we adjust those hormones and those hormones and so on , was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and operation , my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think about it almost always in images , and that became my key point : how to get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to ? Testing , new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes , see things like that .
They thought images and mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works , to me it 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to the <unk> and inventive thought .
So , after several years , I 'm able to find the point right , and I 've got a lot of great mental speakers , really cool , well sophisticated and structured things .
Now , I 'm working on how to bring these mental images from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a director of cinema would be able to use his imagination just to drive the world to the front ?
Or if a musician could extract your head from your head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , like the way creative people can be shared to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to getting this with two groups that made by two groups leading in neuroscience .
They both used MRI , MRI , functional MRI , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and their colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person looking at an image .
The average column shows the brain scan of that same individual while I imagined , seeing that same image .
The spine on the right was created by the content of the central column on the left , and you see that the difference is almost skin .
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing a picture and imagine seeing that same picture is almost skin .
Now , let me tell you another experiment . This is from the lab by Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They were able to convert brain waves into recognizable visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while they 're going to put their brains together to create a big deal of brain reactions in the video sequences .
And then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and while they 're going to take a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain information of the scanning of scanning it to show you what it looks like the person was watching .
On the right you can see the computer guarantee , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This blew us up .
We 're okay near that .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you see a picture , and when you imagine that same image , you believe in the brain the same mapping .
This was done with the <unk> brain scanning systems available today , and their resolution increased as a thousand times over the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How do we achieve it ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is open the skull and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not offered to that .
Many of you are proposing new new techniques of projection techniques , even I do . Tell us with the recent output of the MRI , first we need to ask the question , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get higher resolution is with larger magnets , but to this point , more <unk> only offer little improvements in resolution , not for thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : rather than larger magnets , make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in the MRI were to make some really big magnets , right ?
However , most recent advances in <unk> of ingenious , bright solutions in coding and <unk> , in transmitters and frequency receptors in the MRI systems .
Instead of a uniform field , rather than a uniform field , we use magnetic patterns structured in the FM radio frequencies .
So , when we combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of processing the frequency radio processing patterns , we can increase mass form of information that can be taken into a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide our growing knowledge of the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not only the blood blood fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas directly to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly by thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is something big .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and diseases .
We have a few more choices to open this door .
Any other ways , choose one year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it 's going to take much more .
We need to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Their closet may be telling some person for the first time you love it or tell somebody who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have ever gone through in life .
All closet is a hard conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived and come out of that closet is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
A lot of years ago , I was working in the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several stages of <unk> <unk> : I did n't recommend my armpits , to quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco like a litany .
And I 'm going to be slope by the <unk> of my pants short , and I would take my head my head short , I would look like a little kid , `` Hey , are you young or girl ? ''
And there was an awkward silence at the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , and I would take my coffee with a leave .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I would go through it .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something .
I would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was prepared , and I was just about to enter into the women 's issues at the table . I had the quotes from Betty <unk> .
The quotes Gloria Steinem .
Even a piece of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed .
I just take a deep breath and I went down and down my back , a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , looking at me what 's not a challenge for a feminist duel , just a little girl with a question : `` Are you young or girl ? ''
So I 'd take a deep breath , and I got a lot of fun near her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is kind of confusing .
I have the short hair like a kid 's clothes , and I 'm looking at a kid , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to wear a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable mix .
I 'm more about the kind of a comfortable pajama . ''
And that little girl staring at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite god is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that 's it . Just , when you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> that I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation for everyone ever ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and I , both of them , were honest with one another .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinets in my life , and yes , often , my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , in the dark , you ca n't know what color are the walls .
You just know how one feels living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you 100 reasons why I get out of my closet was harder than coming out of your closet , but this is the issue : the hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone who have declared online banking is more difficult than saying they 've been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than telling your five-year-old who are going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop classify what 's hard about what 's hard to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we should only feel empathy because we all live .
At some point in our lives , we 're all living in cabinets , and they can make you feel security , or at least more security than the other side of the door provides .
But I 'm here to tell you , it does n't matter what your walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine himself 20 years ago .
I had a horse tail , a dress and <unk> shoes .
It was not lesbian <unk> prepared to fight any four-year-old child coming into the coffee .
It was frozen by the fear of the fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , my gay grenade , and moving only a muscle is the hardest I ever had .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to be disappointed , and now the world was turned around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we all followed by so long , but if you do n't walk that grenade , you will kill you .
And one of my sister 's most memorable knock on my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time a lot of guests in the guests knew that I was gay , and when I do my Lady of honor women , in my black dress and heels , I walked around the tables , and finally I got to one where my parents ' friends , people I knew about it years ago .
And after talking , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay narrative had started .
`` Did you ever be in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never been there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , meet my Antonio Antonio Antony ? ''
It 's very good , and he never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what is your favorite TV show ?
Will Grace and Grace Will and Grace ? Will our favorite program ?
And you know who love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but he was waiting for desperately to me , to get me to know that I was on my side , he finally said to go into , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , like you have all the brick launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but do they work ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic you get .
It 's like the hard conversations still remain my strong point .
Ask any of you who I have come out of .
But I 'm getting better , and I do what I like to call the first three principles of <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it means to come out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
<unk> armor . Be yourself .
That little girl in the coffee had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others have to know we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . Just celebrate it . Let 's take your patches .
If you know that they 're gay , you 're going to do it .
If they say to your parents who might be gay , they would maintain the hope that it could change .
They wo n't give them a sense of hope .
And number three , and more importantly , to the complex ones .
You communicate their truth .
I would never be ashamed of that .
And some of you can get wounded , <unk> for what they 've done , but they never excuse me for what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you may be disappointed , but that 's something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you meet in a dark closet , like a grenade , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And you may feel very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen , a productive example has been the famous quote from <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a machine might think is as interesting as the question of if a sub can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this , it made it as a critique of computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
We first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're from a alien race , which you do n't know about the biology of Earth and from neuroscience to Earth or intelligence from Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can see the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason would be that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from a alien race that you do n't know about this , it does n't have any concept on intelligence on Earth , you would be able to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to some time , the asteroids that crossed the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing it .
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took place a number of years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , who pointed out , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be fixed for the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that we will monitor diversity of future future .
Finally , in the robotic movement planning , there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to take advantage of the robots abilities to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , by taking all these different issues and put them together , I asked , for several years , is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or keeping options open , with a force , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , to an impending future time , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to be trapped .
Intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keep open options .
And so , having in mind this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Do you define the level of human intelligence ?
Are artificial intelligence attached ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that make more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life , they should have more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological <unk> connection between entropy and intelligence has a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not just correlated with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually arises from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you can find inside .
Surprisingly , <unk> was able to spend multiple animal intelligence testing , play human games , and even earn money by trade money , all of that without the right time to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human on foot without falling over here , we see automatically balancing a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave him a goal .
Just decided for her to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for the humanoid , humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite sides of a string at the same time to release food , here we see that <unk> can make a version of the model of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has really interesting implications for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable into a variety of domains .
For example , here we successfully see it successfully playing a game of a game against itself , making its potential for play .
So here we see these new connections on a social network where friends are constantly offline and they keep successfully connected to success .
This same ability to <unk> network also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we see , we 're going to organize the routes of a shipping fleet , discovering successfully , and using the Panama Canal to expand its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable to problems in defense autonomous , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see , spontaneously discovering and execute a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of actions , successfully increasing assets under its exponentially exponentially .
This ability to risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of marks of smart cognitive behaviors such as tool use , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the term of the term , the play `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if we 're going to make smart machines , there 's a cyber rebellion .
The machines were raised against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to reverse .
It 's not that machines first become smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , the urge to take control of all future possible is a more fundamental principle that intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control , rather than being upside down .
Another significant consequence is the pursuit of goal .
They often ask me , `` How do you look for goals how to go into this kind of framework ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants for helping them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in its own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at a tipping point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points the Earth is only one of the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope , which measures the light intensity of stars when the planets go ahead of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes out .
Data by Kepler picked up the sizes of the planets in addition to the distance that there is between them and their mother 's mother .
Together , this helps us to understand if these planets are small and rocky things like Earth 's planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light that they receive from their suns .
Instead , this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure trove of worlds , potentially habitable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The year 2014 was the hottest largest registered .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia , are now disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused global scale have surpassed our course ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not a climate scientist , no astronomer .
It 's that study of the planet influenced by stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You could say that I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as someone really interested in the pursuit of life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look for planets like Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little bit further from the sun , it can be a potentially livable world shown this by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> like the `` Curiosity '' tracks their surface in search of clues to the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission are taking samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose .
Companies now offer not just short space flights , but also the ability to live on Mars .
But even though all of these images <unk> us remind us of the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with ideas and <unk> ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extent of the <unk> areas of our planet that you still have to colonize , places that are really <unk> compared to Mars .
Even in the highest dry places in the Earth , air is cool and full of oxygen that 's destroyed by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement from the colonization of Mars and other planets will drag a big and sad shadow -- the implication and the belief in some of that Mars will wait there to save us from the only planet that we know is that it 's truly habitable , the Earth .
For much of me , I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There are lots of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to protect humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic is going to tell us that the captain of the Titanic will be place later on the boats ' boats . Thank you .
But the goals for continuing exploring and preservation of Earth does n't get eaten .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improving life in the future .
The extreme environments in our world look like alien aliens .
They 're just closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and keep habitable spaces , in the hostile and inhospitable areas of the land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a mental paradox : paradox of Fermi .
A lot of years ago , Enrico Fermi Enrico Fermi asked , with realizing that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life existence so far .
Well , where are you ?
Well , a solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced advanced to consider living in between the stars , they lose the notion of how important the planets is to protect the origin of the planets that are developing this development .
It 's kind of <unk> to think that you will only save us , we will save us , but planetary preservation , and exploration exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to combine the hostile environments of Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the more easy task of preserving the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I would take my own house .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that they were at the dining table , where he left them .
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take a lot of time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back to my friend 's friend 's friend , to spend night , because I had a flight early to Europe next , and my passport , and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but it 's certainly not more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I 'd just stand right .
I 'm a a neuroscientist , a career , a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases yourself the heart rate increases , you 'll reduce the levels of adrenaline and <unk> the thought .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleeping .
And I began to wonder , if there was something that could do , systems that could put in place , that avoid bad things .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that you will give you the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I got to think about that , but even a month later , my thoughts did n't go to me .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize winner , and a bit embarrassed I told him about my window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing with something called a <unk> retrospective .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years before , known as the <unk> .
Everybody knows what the <unk> is .
Every time there is a disaster , a team of experts come and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains , you 're looking forward and tries to figure out all the things that might go wrong , then you try to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , they 're not so obvious .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , we will make a place for the things that are easily lost .
This sounds common , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to follow the location of the location of the important things , where the right thing is , where the fish are , that places <unk> trees , where people are friends and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that will occur in the <unk> <unk> .
It 's the part of the brain that allows temperatures to find their nuts .
And if someone really did the experiment , they cut out the <unk> sense of land , and yet they could find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that they 're moving .
This is the reason to lose keys on the car , reading glasses and passports .
So at home , they would run a place for the keys , a hook on the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading glasses , a particular coffee table .
If you put a place and you 're doing it , you 're going to always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take a picture of your credit card , a shot of your credit card , the driver 's license , <unk> , <unk> for mail to themselves for the cloud .
If these things are losing or steal it , this can easier for substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
cortisol is toxic and <unk> the thought .
So part of the practical practice is to recognize that under stress we 're not at the best time , and you have to put the systems on its site .
And there 's maybe no more stressful situation that when you 're facing a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our health care or a loved one , to help you with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for making any medical decisions , and in fact for decision-making decision-making and social decision-making , any kind of decision that you need to take from the one that would benefit a rational assessment of facts .
So let 's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the outcome of the lab , and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of heart disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that you have high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you to reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard of <unk> , and you know , it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . Even you are likely to know people who are taking them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should do then , a statistic that you should be asked for most physicians do n't want to talk , and companies companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to have surgery in any medical procedure before you can help a person .
And should you think of what kind of statistical statistician is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor would n't tell me something if I was n't going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't really understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of drugs works just from 30 percent of the people .
So the number needed to deal with the most widely widely synthesizing , what do you think is ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This is what the research of researchers who had asked <unk> Jerome and Pamela <unk> , confirmed independently by <unk> .
I just explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack , stroke or another event event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability of 300 to lower cholesterol .
Why no , doctor ? Make the recipe anyway ? ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistics , and it 's , `` <unk> in the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients .
And they include terrible things : intense muscle pain and articulate , GI pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still to take medicine . ''
But a moment .
remember that under stress do n't think clearly .
So think of how you 're looking at this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people are taking the drug , no ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to be harmed by the drug that will help you .
I do n't say they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say they must have this conversation with your doctor .
The healthcare ethic is , it 's part of the principle of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash , but actually this number is actually going to be pretty typical .
To the surgery that 's more done in the <unk> men , <unk> prostate prostate , the number you need to deal with is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case is produced in 50 percent of the patients .
They include impotence , or erectile disfunction , urinary incontinence , preserving rectal , incontinence fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent , the effects only one year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you can pose the conversation forward .
You do n't have to do this all in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a lot of a choice for many times , do you want a shorter life free of pain , or a longer life that might have a lot of pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change their minds in the moment , but unless you 're trained in this kind of thought .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at the time is that you go off a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
<unk> Face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if the body is spending metabolism in those things , it 's not going to react fast . You could get to be the <unk> of lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational thought , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think of the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we 're all faulty .
We 're all going to fail occasionally .
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be , to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
<unk> at the night of snow in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor set me into a surgical lock along with the door , with a key to the front door , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I have n't ordered , and lots of text messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization like a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : You know , <unk> , is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , and you see a `` dreaming , '' in the score , you need to play mildly .
Two . '
Four 's <unk> , extremely soft .
This is my <unk> drawing tree , and there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may be , never to be completely silent .
That 's my definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system , the <unk> , besides a little bit of my own story .
The French signs language came over the 1970s , and over time , they mixed with local signs , and developed the language we now know as <unk> .
So , it has a history of about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're really in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , according to their rules , customs , behaviors and norms without <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
Now , I 'm able to get that behavior and try that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example .
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise from lunch bag ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure you did n't scratch the covered in the dish . ''
All of this is called `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does .
I 'm super <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting with the sound , which is about coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , for continuing .
<unk> , for announce .
You can see that <unk> has no notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle <unk> and spots .
In the deaf culture , movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in <unk> .
A typical perpetrator has five lines .
However , to me , to be with my thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings I just have four lines on paper .
In the year 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic task there .
Before this time , I had been working like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museum and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized there was no visual art there .
At that point , the sound was the trend , and that struck me .
There was no visual art , all of it was hearing .
Now sound has entered my territory of art .
Is it going to become more of the art of art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't just experience through your ears .
I can feel it manually , or I can experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all I had taught me in the sound of sound , I decided to leave and go .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I introduced it to the arts community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention that I got .
I realized sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the bottom of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was something of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could go to myself and my artistic work , or I could empower .
I chose it to be <unk> .
There 's a massive culture around the spoken language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if it did n't have a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
And so I 'm able to be able to be relevant in today 's society .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with many different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me hear .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , when I asked her voices , I 'm able to keep a temporary way of value , something like taking a loan in a very high interest rate .
If I would not continue with this practice , I feel that I could fit in oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not be capturing and express fully on paper .
And the same thing can be said in <unk> .
The two are very spatial and highly <unk> what it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning of the signals both of the sounds like sound .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you can understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
The <unk> split in many different kinds of parameters .
If you map a different parameter for every finger while you play the piano , like facial expression , the body 's movement , the speed , the shape of the hand , and so , as you play the piano , English is a linear language , like you 're going to take a key at the time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea of <unk> .
If one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with music in terms of pitch and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the `` <unk> '' signal .
This is the `` <unk> '' sign .
I 'm seeing you .
<unk> against it .
Oh , I 'm going to tell you .
Uh , oh .
What are you looking at ?
Oh enough .
So I got to think about , and if I look at it through music lenses ?
If I had to create a sign , and you 'll put it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day '' , the sun comes out and puts it .
This is `` the whole day . ''
If you add it to the speed and speed it , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel like the same thing can be said from `` all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights : `` Last night , '' `` Last night , '' `` Last night , '' `` Every night . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time is expressed time in <unk> and how distance your body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present becomes closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So the first example is `` a long time ago . ''
Then , `` past , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once , `` There was once . ''
`` Well common time , '' it 's a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times per compass .
However , when I look at the word `` common time , '' I think , `` At the same time . ''
Look at <unk> : right hand , E : left hand .
We have the <unk> across my head and the chest .
[ Face ] : <unk> , flashlight ] [ Time ] [ On my chest : E , a flashlight , a flashlight -- I 'm going to teach you a form of the hand called `` flashlight . ''
Can you do it with me ?
All with your hands .
We 're going to do it both in your head like your chest , something like common time , or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs across the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means colonization .
Now , the third one . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's lighting in the <unk> .
We 're going to do three together .
`` <unk> '' and `` colonization '' and `` illumination . ''
Good job .
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all agree on your head and the chest , but they 're carrying very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , like the music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sound , it automatically has no social value .
We need to start questioning what social value is and allowing us to grow its own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that they do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> , and they do n't have to hear to learn music .
<unk> is a treasure trove of treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , engage in our culture and experience from our visual language .
And you never know , they can fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would say to me , `` You can do everything , but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or a ignorance bubble , I have to say , because the adults would lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I get older , I found out that the adults also <unk> and that they 're not very good to clean the others .
Time spent , now I 'm an adult and I teach an invention of Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait so much for my students to walk through the beach , with lots of crap .
So as good citizens , I cleaned up the beaches , and no , he 's not drinking alcohol , and if he is , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of scary .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and the classify <unk> to this information on a map .
But it takes an eternity , and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those huge boats .
So together with my students , about six to 15 years old , we dream about making a better way .
We have transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this coffee table with <unk> , so that children very quickly can be involved .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools can feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic , and we reduce the size of the size we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of their fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you with my students ' imagination .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to figure out what we hope to work .
So we decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just information about it .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids get a lot of fun with robots .
Then we created quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in the prototyping creation that we ended up before lunch .
And we turned light bulbs and <unk> web cameras , and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the image captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic floating through the sensor , while the computer onboard computer process this image and to measure the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
And I was going to take this stage step-by-step on a website for inventors called `` One , '' with the hope that somebody else will make it better .
So the cool thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to figure it right away .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and it 's going to be attached to this picture .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning up a oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink , it 's the water where they bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that the water is brown and the mud and the oil is also a brown color , and when it all mixes , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we built a first prototype of a festival that can burn through all kinds of things that produce different things , which can help you identify what 's in the water .
Let 's take this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
So the cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children .
I can look at a problem at a distance ] -- I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe I will address a more difficult problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French and you may remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that triggered various giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed a bunch of cities on the east coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima , a nuclear power offshore .
And today , according to the reports , the average of 300 tons are leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , it 's a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and research in an independent basis with other scientists , land , the river , and this time we wanted to bring children .
Of course , we did n't take them , the parents did n't .
But each night we reported to the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take work seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with the whole life of their life .
Along with them , we discussed data that day and talk about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> , and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the rise map , we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and <unk> water , to simulate the rain .
And we were able to notice that radioactive powder was spread from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , closest to nuclear expedition to the date .
We 're approaching a half miles of nuclear power , and with the fishermen 's aid , we went collecting sediments from the sea floor with a tracking tracking that we invent and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source technologies and very simple source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even begun to try to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things .
So the classroom turned into so small so , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we convert it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a bit of biology , of optical optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can actually become reality with adult aid , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or , can we help in the mobility of the advanced population transforming their standard wheels chairs in new electric vehicles ?
Plastic and oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies .
We can no longer afford to protect the kids in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , citizens , creators , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and the people , and so that you can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposite design cultures .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , one of a single silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is on the environment , the other one creates .
One is designed by nature , one for her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the <unk> marble , he saw a figure that is fighting for free .
The <unk> was only by Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we carry all the information that 's required for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and mass production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of objects as <unk> of discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think about the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
You act mainly as a filter , the other mainly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that changes its functionality through variation variation .
Here 's a divided display that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and an architect who is currently working on the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between Henry Ford and growth , and Charles Ford .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right hemisphere and analytics and synthesis , it shows the two screens behind me .
My work , at its simplest level , tries to bring these two together two visions of the world , moving away from assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why was n't it possible this 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird moment , where four disciplines that give designers access to the tools we never had had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please , you know the minds and the hands of my students .
We design objects , products and structures and tools across scales , large-scale , like this robotic arm , with an grasp of 24 meters in diameter with a base base that someday not very far to print entire buildings , and graphics to the nanoscale made of genetically modified courses .
So here we have <unk> the latticework on this , an archetype of the old Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every aperture is entirely unique to model the form of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> van <unk> . It 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Along with 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D lap without stitching between cells . I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines materials rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and to synthetic instruments , allowing us to design products that are <unk> not only the form of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We also designed an acoustic chair , a <unk> chair , but it absorbs sound .
The teacher Carter , my collaborator , we went back to nature to inspire us , and when we design this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
It 's going to take this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the dots of pressure in the human body .
Its surface , like in nature , changes by the addition of other material or another assembly , but continuously <unk> and delicately that material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
No parts in nature ?
I did n't get raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible , and one of them stayed and came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` In the third day of the Creation , God calls the Earth to grow a tree <unk> of fruit . ''
For that first tree , it would have no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made trees grow with branches , crusts , stems and flowers .
The land created a world made of parts .
I often wonder , `` What would be the design if the objects were made from a single piece ?
Do you have a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree , with fruit , and we found it .
The second largest <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced by organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we can tune its properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it a legal <unk> . We were <unk> a lot of <unk> <unk> , <unk> and produced <unk> <unk> .
<unk> the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple nozzles of <unk> controlled controlled .
The robot could change the material properties and create these structures made from one material that 's 3.5 -- 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves them dry to find a natural form contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms that first came on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the genetically engineered bacteria to capture carbon , and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition with no <unk> problems , and if it grows even more , windows .
A tree <unk> fruit .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology , we 've transformed a <unk> structure of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for <unk> objects , jobs in the sea , <unk> the marine life , and put them on the ground , will help grow a tree .
<unk> for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for the <unk> journeys .
To do that , we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow .
So like the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made additive , and <unk> .
I like to think about synthetic biology like the liquid alchemy , just rather than <unk> beautiful metals , new biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We put our own 3D channels to control the flow of these bacterial bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , they combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria in the human intestine .
It turns the light into sugar , the other use sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms , they do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They are here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think about it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , that will help that flow flow and that they will bring their function on the way .
So we began to grow those channels in the human body , <unk> the material properties by the desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , we would have channels more transparent .
This digestive digestive system , when you stretch from one end to another , <unk> meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our intestine thin intestine .
And here is , as we speak at TED , our first photosynthetic photosynthetic channels , bright liquids , with life within clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're world-class creatures , only half is made . ''
What if the design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase live ?
And what if we could create personal personnel that strengthen our skin , and sustained , tissue and <unk> our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
Now , you know , a 3D printer prints material in layers .
It also knows that nature does n't do that .
It grows . They will give up with sophistication .
So this cocoon of the worm , for example , creates highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they were <unk> .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of not two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
It acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , assembling those fibers .
And this happens across scales .
The silk worm is first turned into the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then starts to get back a cocoon of compression .
tension and compression , the two forces of life , are manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the bank .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of the silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm on a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that we would take a flat cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the cocoon of cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
Often , the silk worms are going to death within their cocoons , their silk gets rid and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we could shape raw silk without boiling a single cocoon .
<unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a robot <unk> robot , and we put it into our site .
We knew the silk silk silk silk and cool areas , so we use a solar road diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributes the silk worms over the structure .
We were prepared to get to the tracks .
We 're offering silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after they feed four weeks , they were prepared to get back with us .
We put them carefully on the bottom of the scaffolding , and as they <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and they put eggs , and life starts again , like we , but much shorter .
RB Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and it was right .
When we get biological silk , it 's continuous <unk> silk , they give all this pavilion .
And in a little bit over two or three weeks , you 're carrying silk worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
Now moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
It 's a robotic sample through a robotic arm , the other full empty .
If the last frontier of design is to bring life to products and the buildings around us , to form a <unk> ecology , the designers should bring these two views of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from a design inspired by nature to a nature inspired by the design , which demands of us , for the first time , let us take care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time ?
They can <unk> with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five .
Now , raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be more ? ''
Some kind of anxiety has caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question `` What do you want to be more about ? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked English and <unk> and art , and websites , and also , he played a guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You may have heard about us .
And I generally like to try and try and persist anyway , so I have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time this is a sense of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer challenging , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to tell you about something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to keep going into it , and I 'm going to keep up , and I feel like , `` Yes ! I 've found my own , '' and then again , I 've found this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to get a little bit into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how to turn this whole thing into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and we would go to <unk> .
Another reason that made me so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad about me for nothing .
I was concerned to be afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to ask you , then .
Ask yourself , where you learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where you learned : they learned about culture .
So , you wonder , `` What do you want to be more about ? ''
And when we have about five years .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to make cute answers in kids like , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be a dancer , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
Let 's take the Halloween disguise here .
So this question is done again and again as we grow in different ways , the time you grow up , you know , high school students ask them to ask in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be more about ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise of before it takes us sleep .
Why ?
If you do this question , it inspires children to dream of what they might be , do not inspire to dream with everything they might be .
In fact , just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer them with 20 different things , although well-intentioned adults are likely to be able to laugh and say , `` Oh , what 's nice , but you ca n't be a artisan of violins and psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's a artisan of violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , who was converted into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative CEO .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of the <unk> life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of the destination or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something to do for their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and to devote your life to it .
But what if you 're not connected to this way ?
What if there are many different issues that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for somebody like one in that framework .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel that it does n't have a target .
And I feel like there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
One <unk> is somebody with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for you to say .
It could help if you divide it in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we can do the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the middle of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was okay by <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us like `` scanners . ''
Let 's take any term you like , you know , you know , you 're your own .
I think it seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see the <unk> as the limitation or woe you must beat .
But what I 've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , display data , math and design , math and design .
<unk> is a company that creates highly geographically jewelry .
By <unk> and Rachel came up with this very unique idea for his eclectic mix of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where the new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points of points .
The second <unk> superpower is fast learning .
When we were connected to something , we go to it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We are used to being beginners , because it was many times in the past , and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and get out of our comfort zones .
A lot of skills are attributed to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to each new area that we go on , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a full-time <unk> full-time job .
As a child , I refined an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before to become a writer , <unk> was a financial city .
He had to learn the finest mechanics when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to go to what you 're attracted to , even if at the end of the end , they dropped .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third <unk> superpower is adaptability . I mean , the ability to transform anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes a director of videos , other people , a website designer , sometimes a consultant 's website , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes , sometimes , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
The <unk> Company Company defined adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that these are the individuals and organizations that can enable us to meet the market needs , which we really thrive .
It 's going to come up with ideas , quickly learning and adaptability -- three skills where the <unk> are very adept , and three skills that could be lost if they are stressed out of their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encouraging people to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need creative thinkers to address them .
Let 's say they 're , in your heart , specialists .
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you .
In fact , some of the best teams get up of a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice in practice , and the <unk> provides a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all be designing lives and careers that we 're going to do with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , the <unk> largely are encouraging them to just be more like their specialized partners .
I once said this , if there 's one thing that you take from this talk , I hope this is : <unk> with the inner wire , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then , you 're going to go through all the media .
That 's where you 'll give you the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those of them who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm saying to them , you know , <unk> with their many passions .
Keep your curiosity through those rabbit <unk> .
<unk> intersections .
<unk> our inner wire leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us .
Thank you .
In the 1901 , a woman called <unk> took her into a psychiatric institution .
<unk> <unk> and could n't remember even the most basic details of his life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
I did n't know how to help <unk> it , but I would think of it until , unfortunately , it passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> performed an autopsy , and they found strange plates and winding into the <unk> brain , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If you had been alive today , we could n't give her more aid that he gave him 114 years ago .
He was saying was Dr. Alzheimer 's disease .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call for Alzheimer 's disease .
Since 1901 , medicine has gotten a lot of progress .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many treatments for cancer , HIV antiretroviral , to HIV and much more .
But a little bit of progress on Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million worldwide .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live to 85 or more , chance to get Alzheimer 's going to be almost one in two .
In other words , there 's the likelihood that you 're going to spend your year with Alzheimer 's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer 's .
Just in America , health care costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and its costs require a <unk> increase in 2050 , as the generation of the booms are born .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little to fight .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's the only one that can not prevent , cure or even slow their development .
We understand less from Alzheimer 's than other diseases because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer 's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease and causes a annual number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what little people know , but everybody should : Alzheimer 's disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last GG years , everyone , even scientists , get Alzheimer 's disease with aging .
We think that we will be <unk> in a normal , inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of an aging brain compared to the one of a Alzheimer 's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to to make a severe loss of memory and mental skills , damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's significantly reducing life expectancy , and it 's always fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and strangers in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami .
There are places in the paper that they 're sticky .
And when it folds right up , these sticky points end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky points are left outside .
This makes the molecules of protein paste each other , forming groups that can form big plates and does .
That 's what we see in the brain of Alzheimer 's patients .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and the identification of what 's going to block is complex , like a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
You can see each other can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that is blocked , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , they have reduced the wires , and we would expect the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticist , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process , and now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
Let me show you some of our latest results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet .
So let 's see some videos of what happened when you test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they move with normality .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick into each other , like in humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in a early stage , then we see that heal and live life .
This is just a positive result , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of wait , there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to make that hope , to beat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to tell you that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and that if we tried , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families have pointed out more research and practiced pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move forward to HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones and night , are often too hard to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimers is not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times in the New York Times , in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , I do this .
The paper is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and of my own experience as I tested it myself one night last summer .
So , the procedure is quite simple : two strangers would be <unk> to be 36 more and more personal questions , and then they 're both looking at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you put it to another person ?
And just ?
And I mean , I mean , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like -- Tell your partner what you like about him or her -- I know so honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had a chance to test this study , with someone who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall .
And yet , we fall in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I sent it to the Cold column , Modern Love .
That was published in January , and it 's now August , so I guess some of you are probably wondering : they go together yet ?
And the reason I think you challenge this is because I 've done this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
A week before the paper would post it was very nervous .
I 'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been taught to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just about my Facebook friends , and I thought that my article in the New York Times would have probably a couple of thousands of views .
And that came up with a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he did , I had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in traffic traffic .
And Sunday , I had been called Today Show , `` Show Show and Good <unk> America . ''
In one month , the paper received over eight million hits , and I was , by saying something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is encouraging trust writing honestly about their own love experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call it or write , what they did every day for weeks , always asked the same question : they 're still doing together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` They 're still together ? ''
And several messages immediately appeared .
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was getting interviewed on radio and asked .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , where 's your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately put it red .
I realize this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international day , you should expect people to feel comfortable with it .
But I was not prepared for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have <unk> life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary paper for Valentine 's , which included the experiences of readers to test the study in them with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all this attention was to be very secretive with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
<unk> TV interviews , and press orders for photos of us .
I think I was afraid of becoming the icons of the <unk> process . A range of the one that I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if I was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but a real love , love love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially that people asked the wrong question .
How do we keep putting together or not , and then they would say it ?
If the answer was not , would the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal focus between college students , using what Aron was called <unk> and progressive , Palestinian <unk> .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study worked .
The participants were felt more close to doing that . A number of studies later used the <unk> protocol of Aron as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it among members of the police and the community , and they 've used it among people of the opposite political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to me shyness : I tried to study it , and it did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I mean , you want to say you 're going to tell you that the person you did ?
He made a pause .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I said , but became better friends ?
Did you feel that they did get better better after testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
But I do n't think that was the answer he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking at when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really hard separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was pretty much my adult life , and he was my first true love , and I had no idea how or I had no idea how or I could live without it .
So I pushed into science .
And so I did what I was able to find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that could sort of bring it to the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment , I thought I just looked at it for the book that I wrote , but in hindsight it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I was built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad , and I used to feel so bad .
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more of my love with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confident to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see myself clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably me can demand me .
What I 'm looking for of love is a guarantee , not only to be loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to continue being loved indefinitely , the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if they were still together .
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something about implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love makes us feel wonderfully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The story version of the story : they still follow together ?
And his content with a reply or not .
So more than a question , I would propose we make more difficult questions , questions like , how do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance themselves ?
How do you live in the uncertainty that inevitably has a relationship , or even more , how do you live in doubt , how do you live doubt ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to get a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want to take a short version of my relationship , it 's this one , a year ago , and we 're using a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love it 's not the same as to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my paper I wrote : Love did n't happen .
They fall in love because we took the choice of being .
And I shudder to read it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that the choice was supposed to .
He did n't consider how many times we would have to make that decision , and how much times it 's going to have to keep doing that choice without knowing whether he will always choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and responded by 36 questions , having chosen to love someone so generous , kind and fun , and they have expressed that choice in the biggest in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really think .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the paper that I did not write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he also love me , and it 's frightening , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a few lesbians in broad , and in a way , I was like a <unk> of the forest .
New York City a time ago , something that really affected me , but more details later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and he took a bill a dollar bill , a feather and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some kind of money , or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and you know how our species might be able to make some ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's got grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from trip and surfing and all these weird stuff -- and I was doing a collage of my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took off all the pages , and I did a kind of <unk> <unk> to him with Agnes Martin , and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of honeybees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking he could be <unk> .
Instead , it happened the opposite : somehow it seemed that it increased size , as if it was that you were playing the text with a magnifying glass .
So I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects .
So I got to draw around the objects , and I realized my God can draw in space .
I can flow off , drawing the same thing that you do around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects , and I created my own taxonomy of specimens .
First , <unk> -- that you can get an idea .
Then I made some insects and strange creatures .
It was very much fun to draw in the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started riding exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in human form , sculptures of natural size with drawings of human beings within layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing in the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , and then in the other window , and the other window , and I had all these windows together that were a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work would be done with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was very inspired by the <unk> garden of Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting at the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know ?
Well , it 's a fantastic painting .
They say it 's a little ahead of time .
All right , the triptych . Let 's take this piece .
It weighs 11 pounds .
5.5 meters long .
It has double face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left is Jesus and the lobsters .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They 're going to be out of the representation of the representation , to this patch of analog mesh where they hide .
This is where creatures with heads of animals are headed to the beacon , ready to commit suicide <unk> in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- `` platform <unk> <unk> '' platform , the refuge of Osama Bin Laden , there 's all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
And anyway , as well as a <unk> species .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in one hand while the other hand comes out of the clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems to be a mythological mythological that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So it 's a `` triptych . ''
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand where it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a nose , like a bird 's peak , and spits out clouds from this nose .
It also has a tail of 5.5 feet long , a snake tail that joins the triptych .
Anyway , their tail turns on fire to <unk> over a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that go through , you know .
His tail ends up in a eyeball of <unk> made of terrorist cards made out of 1986 .
Did you see them ?
They were done in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards of terrorists .
It brings me to my last time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material whether you 're encyclopedias , dictionaries or journals .
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they get together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's bringing me years .
Each one is basically a microscope microscope , which is <unk> pounds with a human being trapped inside .
This has a little cave on my chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can <unk> the entrance .
I 'm going to join you through the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of the chest , and you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever it is , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher in these works , because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a match in half .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills that come out and come in in the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Black <unk> .
Within this box , there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio Bank , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
We would take the box and all the people in the inside hits each other as particles .
And I think that 's how we change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box that you 're living in .
And together we came to realize that we are all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , of the borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start trading those things with sweetness , and we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when your head hurts ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , first goes through your stomach , the guts and other organs .
Take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system for any drug <unk> effect on your body .
The downside , though , is that it 's the <unk> , any drug gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in HIV patients .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , they serve them to decrease the number of viruses in the blood , and you will increase <unk> cells .
But they also are known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes to get to the bloodstream , they will become worse , and worse even for the time that he takes to get to his destination , which is where it 's more important : in the warehouse of HIV .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it 's not easily in the bloodstream 's blood of patients that are <unk> to regular drugs .
However , after the disruption of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem with HIV treatment with today 's drug drugs that is a treatment of life run by oral age .
One day , I sat down , and I thought , `` We could make the treatment directly directly into the warehouse of the virus , without the risk of abuse ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you use it in dentistry , for caring and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything you can think , including transportation 's transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're using pulses of laser to open or drill down , extremely small holes , open up and closing almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce the drugs .
Maybe they ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small and powerful laser membrane on the cellular cell HIV membrane , whereas these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser is going through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a question of microseconds .
Before you even realized , the hole is immediately immediately .
We 're currently testing this technology in vitro technology or in dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body , applying it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' you can ask .
Well , the answer is : through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision at the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is going to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , it releases directly into the site of infection , whereas the laser is used again to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the complete eradication of HIV in the body .
Yes . It 's a cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying armed armed groups : armed organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
<unk> what these groups are doing when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do work work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in progress , because the war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
No longer .
It 's now a conflict between states and non-state actors .
For example , of <unk> peace deals with between 1975 and 2011 , <unk> had signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
And so we need to understand these groups , and we even have to engage or invest in any resolution of successful conflict resolution .
But how do you do that ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons they fight , how they do it , but no one 's just looking at what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and policies are not armed .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for his violent Sagan against Israel .
From their creation in the 1980 , <unk> also has established a political game , a social services network and a military device .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for his suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shoot .
You 're multitasking .
It 's a complex media machinery : radio stations , TV channels , websites , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here you have Robert 's magazine , print in English and published for recruitment .
<unk> also invest in a complex fundraising of no looting , but using cost-effective businesses , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , put professional training programs , or microfinance programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
<unk> groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't yield and the safety and protection .
The ascent of the Taliban in Afghanistan ripped by the war or even the beginning of the rise of ISIS , can also be understood to address the efforts of these groups for delivering security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has a high price for the population .
But in general , provide social services , it means filling out a vacuum , a gap that allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the election victory of the 2006 of the Palestinian Hamas can not be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , we just think of the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , strategy or long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow because they fill gaps in the government , and they emerge as armed groups and political groups participate in nonviolent struggle and governance .
And the more complex , the more these organizations are these organizations , we can less as opposed to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
They spend part of an territory , running all their functions , collect the trash , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe something else , something new and different .
And what is that ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , and they have no hybrids and hybrids , and the weaker states are states , like in the Middle East , more come in and fill that gap with non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in the military tools .
You add that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and strengthen peace .
If we understand better armed groups , we will understand better what incentives incentives to offer violence to nonviolence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but we do n't give peace or stability .
In order to achieve these targets , we need long-term investments to fill in that security vacuum , to fill out that seed vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality is <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the word `` feminist '' label would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I got a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The bad feminist , '' and then in the interviews , people started calling the <unk> <unk> .
So , what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth and 20 years old , I had weird ideas about feminist , these women 's ideas , annoyed with men and hated sex . As if that was something wrong .
Today , I see how women are treated all over the world and anger , in particular , looks like a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people to notice that I could be a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I would tell you as a woman who does n't follow the rules , who calls too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman , and he ca n't imagine being another person .
With the time , as I grew up , I started to accept that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , so proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They would pay the same wages for the same job .
We have a right to travel around the world as it was <unk> , free of harassment or violence .
We have a right to use in a easy way and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , no need for legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about women 's needs , you have to keep in account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression expression , religion and sexuality -- social condition , skills and much more .
We need to have these differences and how they affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a mess .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a feminist .
I have another confession .
When I 'm driving to work , I listen to rap music by all volume .
Although the letter degrades the women , and it offends me , the classic `` Salt <unk> . ''
`` Do you get your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give it to your shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm totally mortified by my musical tastes .
I firmly believe in the man 's work , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the trash collection , the <unk> , the <unk> and maintaining <unk> maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the nice stuff .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and romantic comedy , and I have the absurd fantasies of the <unk> tales that actually make .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism that has ignored or <unk> historically the needs of color women , the workers , gay and trans women , for white women , heterosexual women , middle class and high .
Listen , if that 's good , I 'm a very bad feminist .
It also happens the following : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put songs on a pedestal .
We 're hoping that they 're going to match perfection .
So when we were <unk> , we take a lot of taste from the very pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster -- I already consider this pedestal .
Too many women , particularly the innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid to be tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yeah , I 'm a feminist , '' because of what that tag means , because of the fear of not being able to accomplish with a little realistic expectations .
Take for example , or as I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In <unk> Music <unk> , in 2014 , on MTV , sat in front of the word `` feminist . ''
It was a magnificent show , looking at this pop star to be openly looking at the feminism and to know women and young men who will be a feminist is something to be proud of .
They spend time , cultural critics started discussions , whether it was <unk> , or not the feminist .
They were going to define his feminism , rather than simply believe the word of a adult and mature woman .
So we 're still struggling with feminist , because we 're still fighting a lot , we want a lot , we need so freaking out .
We 're going to go much beyond the sensible criticism and constructive , and they feel the feminism of any woman , wreck until there 's nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
Bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the point of starting .
But what happens next ?
We 've gone from recognizing our imperfections at giving it to the action and be a little more courageous .
If I hear music degrading , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until they change change in their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does his music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions will justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve , and it 's our responsibility .
I think of my nieces and three years .
It 's two great , brilliant , brilliant , brilliant girls , and also very brave .
It 's where they were appreciated by strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice comes in as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the canal when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change radio prints when we heard songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movies in another part when movies do n't treat women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their teammates as sacks .
In any case , men , especially white men , who can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in your journal , participate in your project , or work with you , until you do n't have enough number of women , both to participate in how to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive in a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited me to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also help to be even more like us welcome them to overcome the barriers to the decision seats .
Because we 're not <unk> groupers , no longer these efforts , without embracing these positions , our accomplishments are going to mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top , people in the power directors and movie producers and music , CEOs , the legislators , the people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting and significant change .
We can also claim with courage , good , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book , `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` Would you rather be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say it , especially , because my voice was stolen , and feminism was helped me .
There was one incident .
I call it the incident to address what happened .
And some of the kids I 'm looking at when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as anything .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I 'm going to tell you my voice , and after all I did not believe I could say something that might matter .
But -- I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'd become a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that it was n't anything .
I learned how to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is about telling us we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I say and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we all can do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little brave , when more you need such a courage .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had been measles because he visited Disneyland or being exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went across the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that might be fatal to a child with a weakened immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for over half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something that was supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the paper that unleashed the controversy about autism and vaccines , disqualified and marked by the British Medical fraud in the British Medical Journal ?
It does n't believe most intelligent scientists that cause vaccines that cause autism to be stupid ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents all over the world continue to do to put them in danger to their children of autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the growth estimates in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about it create the entire professional life , not just seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence of prevalence followed as only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
<unk> fundraising <unk> as <unk> <unk> refer to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask the people in the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` criteria of diagnostic '' and `` better detection of cases , '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does not dissipates a lot of the fears of a young mother looking for his two-year-old son , visual contact .
If the diagnosis criteria had to scale , why were they so tight at the beginning ?
Why were those cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened is less than to do with slow progress and cautious progress of the science that with the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be fake , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in dark corners of clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here and where we need to go .
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who looked like private worlds , <unk> people around , even their own parents .
You could have fun for hours by shaking their hands in front of their faces , but they were prey to the panic by <unk> as when they did n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
Over the base of the <unk> patients in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world on the subject , he declared that I had seen less than 150 instances of their syndrome as far as far as far as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria of autism diagnosis was very <unk> .
For example , we would give that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had been turned that he had become nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to her doctor 's office to be autistic people diagnosis .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and cold parents .
These kids , they said , they 've kept very carefully in a refrigerator that would not be <unk> .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that put together in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could tell between 18 symphonies before they turned two .
When her mother put one of his favorite records , he properly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these skills , saying things like kids were just telling him what they had heard their parents , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became source of shame for families , and two autistic generations of children were sent to institutions for their own well , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s that the researchers started testing the <unk> theory that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of moms <unk> from <unk> was quite stupid .
She and her husband John was warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called black-eyed Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a child like <unk> , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend at the National Service , the National Service needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould , decided to do something that should have been done for 30 years before .
So they ran a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
We had a suburb from London called <unk> to try to find autistic children in the community .
What they saw clear that the model of <unk> was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some children could not speak at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination by astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in nice little squares , and <unk> , as Judith , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did no one realized these kids before ?
But then <unk> found a reference to a paper that published in German in 1944 , the year after the <unk> article , and then I forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article in the competition , but he avoided <unk> mentioned in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the husband of <unk> was German , and he translated it for her .
The document provides an alternative history of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who was called an integrated clinic with a school boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
Now , the ideas of Asperger 's learning with differences of learning were even <unk> for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with school exercises , and children would follow their games on Sundays in the afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's as a <unk> disability for life that required <unk> and spaces for the course of all life .
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients , Asperger calls her little teachers , and he started to help in developing methods of education that were especially suited for them .
And curiously , Asperger 's as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in Southern culture , like the awkward social scientist and a teacher 's teacher .
He was beyond even saying that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith discovered that <unk> discovered that autism was <unk> , so the parents were the causal ones .
Over the next few years , they worked silently with the American Association of Physicians to expand the diagnosis of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s , their changes took into place , by replacing the limited model of <unk> through a broad and inclusive model of Asperger .
These changes did not fell into a broken bag .
I happen to be able to happen , when he was <unk> , worked on the slide to reform these criteria , people from all over the world saw an autistic adult for the first time .
Before he came out `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after wonderful performance we owe Hoffman like Raymond <unk> and the `` Rain Man '' with four prizes of the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and fathers know what autism was .
At the same time , it was introduced to the first easy clinical trials to use for diagnosing autism .
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his child .
The `` Rain Man '' -- the changes in the criteria , and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism awareness .
The number of diagnostics began to rise , just as they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact expected to be , making people with autism and their families finally get support and services that they were deserved .
And then Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the increase in diagnostics , and a simple , powerful , credible history , and seductive history that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of prevention the one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum , they 're right , the autistic people are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have come together on the Internet to reject the idea that they 're the puzzles to solve for the new medical advances , <unk> the term <unk> to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand the <unk> is to think about terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a computer does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , behaving social , and they have a little bit of attention deficit .
No doubt , autistic people are struggling to live in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger , who believed that `` cure '' for the most autism aspects of autism are found in understanding teachers , <unk> employers , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
A autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck of the ship of humanity . ''
As we go towards an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to waste a brain .
Thank you .
